exeggcute egg pokémon
often mistaken for eggs . when disturbed , they quickly gather and attack in swarms .
the heads attract each other and spin around . there must be 6 heads for exeggcute to maintain balance .
the shell is very durable . even if exeggcute cracks , exeggcute can survive without spilling the contents .
using telepathy only they can receive , they always form a cluster of six exeggcute .
if even one is separated from the group , the energy bond between the six will make them rejoin instantly .
this pokémon consists of six eggs that form a closely knit cluster . the six eggs attract each other and spin around . when cracks increasingly appear on the eggs , exeggcute is close to evolution .
even though exeggcute appears to be eggs of some sort , exeggcute was discovered to be a life-form more like plant seeds .
exeggcute is often mistaken for eggs . when disturbed , they quickly gather and attack in swarms .
exeggcute consists of six eggs that care for each other . the eggs attract each other and spin around . when cracks increasingly appear , exeggcute is close to evolution .
exeggcute six eggs converse using telepathy . they can quickly gather if they become separated .
their shells are very durable . even if they crack , they can survive without spilling their contents .
using telepathy only they can employ , they always form a cluster of six exeggcute .
exeggcute six eggs use telepathy to communicate among themselves . exeggcute is believed to carry plant genes and the genes of other species .
six of them together form a full-fledged pokémon . exeggcute ’ s often hunted by crabrawler , but uses psychokinesis to drive exeggcute off .
six of them form a single pokémon . should one of the six be lost , the next morning there will once more be six .
although they are the same size as other exeggcute , the ones produced in alola are quite heavy . their shells are packed full .
the heads attract each other and spin around . there must be six heads for exeggcute to maintain balance .
though exeggcute may look like exeggcute ’ s just a bunch of eggs , exeggcute ’ s a proper pokémon . exeggcute communicates with others of exeggcute kind via telepathy , apparently .
these pokémon get nervous when they ’ re not in a group of six . the minute even one member of the group goes missing , exeggcute become cowardly .
exeggcute egg
exeggcute oval object in which animals develop
exeggcute execute
exeggcute to exterminate