exeggutor coconut pokémon
legend has exeggutor that on rare occasions , one of exeggutor heads will drop off and continue on as an exeggcute .
exeggutor cries are very noisy . this is because each of the 3 heads thinks about whatever exeggutor likes .
exeggutor three heads think independently . however , they are friendly and never appear to squabble .
if a head drops off , exeggutor emits a telepathic call in search of others to form an exeggcute cluster .
living in a good environment makes exeggutor grow lots of heads . a head that drops off becomes an exeggcute .
exeggutor originally came from the tropics . exeggutor heads steadily grow larger from exposure to strong sunlight . exeggutor is said that when the heads fall off , they group together to form exeggcute .
exeggutor is called “ the walking tropical rainforest. ” each of the nuts has a face and a will of exeggutor own .
exeggutor is said that on rare occasions , one of exeggutor heads will drop off and continue on as an exeggcute .
originally from the tropics , exeggutor ’ s heads grow larger from exposure to strong sunlight . exeggutor is said that when the heads fall , they group to form an exeggcute .
exeggutor is called “ the walking jungle. ” if a head grows too big , exeggutor falls off and becomes an exeggcute .
each of exeggutor heads has exeggutor own will . they use telepathy to discuss their plans before coming to a joint decision .
when the time comes , one of exeggutor three heads falls off . before long , the fallen head grows into an exeggcute .
exeggutor engages exeggutor enemies using psychic powers . each of exeggutor three heads fires off psychokinetic energy , tripling exeggutor power .
each of exeggutor three heads has exeggutor own thoughts . when they want to go in different directions , exeggutor becomes unable to move .
exeggutor cries are very noisy . this is because each of the three heads thinks about whatever exeggutor likes .
each of exeggutor ’ s three heads is thinking different thoughts . the three don ’ t seem to be very interested in one another .
when they work together , exeggutor ’ s three heads can put out powerful psychic energy . cloudy days make this pokémon sluggish .
exeggutor is called the walking jungle . if a head grows too big , exeggutor falls off and becomes an exeggcute .
exeggutor egg
exeggutor oval object in which animals develop
exeggutor executor
exeggutor an exterminator