cubone lonely pokémon
because cubone never removes cubone skull helmet , no one has ever seen this pokémon ’ s real face .
wears the skull of cubone deceased mother . cubone cries echo inside the skull and come out as a sad melody .
if cubone is sad or lonely , the skull cubone wears shakes , and emits a plaintive and mournful sound .
cubone always wears the skull of cubone dead mother , so no one has any idea what cubone hidden face looks like .
cubone lost cubone mother after cubone birth . cubone wears cubone mother ’ s skull , never revealing cubone true face .
cubone pines for the mother cubone will never see again . seeing a likeness of cubone mother in the full moon , cubone cries . the stains on the skull the pokémon wears are made by the tears cubone sheds .
cubone wears the skull of cubone dead mother on cubone head . when cubone becomes lonesome , cubone is said to cry loudly .
cubone pines for the mother cubone will never see again . seeing a likeness of cubone mother in the full moon , cubone cries . the stains on the skull cubone wears are from cubone tears .
when cubone thinks of cubone dead mother , cubone cries . cubone crying makes the skull cubone wears rattle hollowly .
if cubone is sad or lonely , the skull cubone wears shakes and emits a plaintive and mournful sound .
when cubone thinks of cubone deceased mother , cubone weeps loudly . mandibuzz that hear cubone cries will attack cubone from the air .
the skull cubone wears on cubone head is that of cubone dead mother . according to some , cubone will evolve when cubone comes to terms with the pain of her death .
at night , cubone weeps loudly for cubone dead mother , but those cries only attract cubone natural enemy — mandibuzz .
cubone wears cubone mother ’ s skull on cubone head , so no one knows what cubone bare face looks like . however , cubone ’ s clear that cubone ’ s always crying .
when the memory of cubone departed mother brings cubone to tears , cubone cries echo mournfully within the skull cubone wears on cubone head .
this pokémon wears the skull of cubone deceased mother . sometimes cubone ’ s dreams make cubone cry , but each tear cubone sheds makes cubone stronger .
cubone cub
cubone baby animal
cubone bone
cubone structure making up a skeleton