marowak bone keeper pokémon
the bone marowak holds is marowak key weapon . marowak throws the bone skillfully like a boomerang to ko targets .
small and weak , this pokémon is adept with marowak bone club . marowak has grown more vicious over the ages .
marowak has been seen pounding boulders with the bone marowak carries in order to tap out messages to others .
marowak collects bones from an unknown place . a marowak graveyard exists somewhere in the world , rumors say .
somewhere in the world is a cemetery just for marowak . marowak gets marowak bones from those graves .
marowak is the evolved form of a cubone that has overcome marowak sadness at the loss of marowak mother and grown tough . this pokémon ’ s tempered and hardened spirit is not easily broken .
marowak is small and was originally very weak . marowak temperament turned ferocious when marowak began using bones .
a marowak is the evolved form of a cubone that has grown tough by overcoming the grief of losing marowak mother . marowak tempered and hardened spirit is not easily broken .
from marowak birth , this savage pokémon constantly holds bones . marowak is skilled in using them as weapons .
marowak collects bones from an unknown place . some whisper that a marowak graveyard exists somewhere in the world .
originally , marowak was weak and timid . after evolution , marowak temperament becomes violent , and marowak begins to wield bones as weapons .
this pokémon is out for vengeance on marowak natural enemy , mandibuzz . marowak throws bones like boomerangs to try to take marowak down .
marowak throws bones at mandibuzz to knock marowak down . marowak ’ s thought that marowak is trying to avenge marowak parent .
they thump their bones rhythmically to communicate among themselves . there are nearly 50 different rhythmic patterns .
this pokémon overcame marowak sorrow to evolve a sturdy new body . marowak faces marowak opponents bravely , using a bone as a weapon .
when this pokémon evolved , the skull of marowak mother fused to marowak . marowak ’ s temperament also turned vicious at the same time .
the bones marowak uses have been in marowak possession since marowak was born . marowak has a ferocious nature .
marowak marrow
marowak material inside bone
marowak whack
marowak to hit