metapod cocoon pokémon
this pokémon is vulnerable to attack while metapod shell is soft , exposing metapod weak and tender body .
hardens metapod shell to protect metapod . however , a large impact may cause metapod to pop out of metapod shell .
inside the shell , metapod is soft and weak as metapod prepares to evolve . metapod stays motionless in the shell .
metapod prepares for evolution by hardening metapod shell as much as possible to protect metapod soft body .
this is metapod pre-evolved form . at this stage , metapod can only harden , so metapod remains motionless to avoid attack .
the shell covering this pokémon ’ s body is as hard as an iron slab . metapod does not move very much . metapod stays still because metapod is preparing metapod soft innards for evolution inside the hard shell .
even though metapod is encased in a sturdy shell , the body inside is tender . metapod can ’ t withstand a harsh attack .
metapod shell is as hard as an iron slab . a metapod does not move very much because metapod is preparing metapod soft innards for evolution inside the shell .
a steel-hard shell protects metapod tender body . metapod quietly endures hardships while awaiting evolution .
metapod shell is filled with metapod soft innards . metapod doesn ’ t move much because of the risk metapod might carelessly spill metapod innards out .
metapod shell is hard , but metapod ’ s still just a bug shell . metapod ’ s been known to break , so intense battles with metapod should be avoided .
metapod shell is filled with a thick liquid . all of the cells throughout metapod body are being rebuilt in preparation for evolution .
metapod hard shell doesn ’ t crack a bit even if pikipek pecks at metapod , but metapod will tip over , spilling out metapod insides .
metapod is waiting for the moment to evolve . at this stage , metapod can only harden , so metapod remains motionless to avoid attack .
a steel-hard shell protects metapod tender body . the pokémon quietly endures hardships while awaiting evolution .
metapod metamorphosis
metapod a transformation
metapod pod
metapod a cocoon