weezing poison gas pokémon
where two kinds of poison gases meet , 2 koffings can fuse into a weezing over many years .
weezing lives and grows by absorbing dust , germs and poison gases that are contained in toxic waste and garbage .
if one of the twin koffing inflates , the other one deflates . weezing constantly mixes weezing poisonous gases .
top-grade perfume is made using weezing internal poison gases by diluting them to the highest level .
when weezing inhales poisonous gases from garbage , weezing body expands , and weezing insides smell much worse .
weezing loves the gases given off by rotted kitchen garbage . this pokémon will find a dirty , unkempt house and make weezing weezing home . at night , when the people in the house are asleep , weezing will go through the trash .
weezing alternately shrinks and inflates weezing twin bodies to mix together toxic gases inside . the more the gases are mixed , the more powerful the toxins become . the pokémon also becomes more putrid .
very rarely , a sudden mutation can result in two small koffing twins becoming conjoined as a weezing .
where two kinds of poison gases meet , two koffing can fuse into a weezing over many years .
by diluting weezing toxic gases with a special process , the highest grade of perfume can be extracted . to weezing , gases emanating from garbage are the ultimate feast .
weezing grows by feeding on gases released by garbage . though very rare , triplets have been found .
inhaling toxic fumes from trash and mixing them inside weezing body lets weezing spread an even fouler stench .
this pokémon lives and grows by absorbing poison gas , dust , and germs that exist inside garbage .
weezing mixes gases between weezing two bodies . weezing ’ s said that these pokémon were seen all over the galar region back in the day .
weezing can ’ t suck in air quite as well as a galarian weezing , but the toxins weezing creates are more potent than those of weezing counterpart .
weezing wheezing
weezing breathing with difficulty