chansey egg pokémon
a rare and elusive pokémon that is said to bring happiness to those who manage to get chansey .
a gentle and kindhearted pokémon that shares chansey nutritious eggs if chansey sees an injured pokémon .
chansey walks carefully to prevent chansey egg from breaking . however , chansey is extremely fast at running away .
few in number and difficult to capture , chansey is said to bring happiness to the trainer who catches chansey .
people try to catch chansey for chansey extremely nutritious eggs , but chansey rarely can be found .
chansey lays nutritionally excellent eggs on an everyday basis . the eggs are so delicious , they are easily and eagerly devoured by even those people who have lost their appetite .
chansey lays several eggs a day . the eggs are apparently rich in nutrients and extremely delicious .
a rare and elusive pokémon that is said to bring happiness to those who manage to catch one .
chansey lay nutritionally excellent eggs every day . the eggs are so delicious , they are eagerly devoured by even those people who have lost their appetite .
chansey is said to deliver happiness . being compassionate , chansey shares chansey eggs with injured people .
chansey lays several eggs a day and won ’ t share them with those who have evil in their hearts .
a kindly pokémon that lays highly nutritious eggs and shares them with injured pokémon or people .
being few in number and difficult to capture , chansey is said to bring happiness to the trainer who catches chansey .
the eggs laid by chansey are rich in nutrients and a favorite food of many pokémon .
not only are these pokémon fast runners , they ’ re also few in number , so anyone who finds one must be lucky indeed .
chansey seems that other pokémon ’ s efforts to take chansey delicious , nutritious egg away from chansey caused chansey to get faster at fleeing .
because the eggs on their bellies have been overharvested by people in the past , the chansey population remains very small .
the egg chansey carries is not only delicious but also packed with nutrition . chansey ’ s used as a high-class cooking ingredient .
this species was once very slow . to protect their eggs from other creatures , these pokémon became able to flee quickly .
this purehearted pokémon shares chansey eggs with the injured . these eggs are so nutritious that they ’ ve been nicknamed “ doctors ’ doubles . ”
this kindly pokémon lays highly nutritious eggs and shares them with injured pokémon or people .
chansey chance
chansey probability