tangela vine pokémon
the whole body is swathed with wide vines that are similar to seaweed . tangela vines shake as tangela walks .
tangela identity is obscured by masses of thick , blue vines . the vines are said to never stop growing .
the vines that cloak tangela entire body are always jiggling . they effectively unnerve tangela foes .
tangela tangles any moving thing with tangela vines . their subtle shaking is ticklish if you get ensnared .
during battle , tangela constantly moves the vines that cover tangela body in order to annoy tangela opponent .
tangela ’ s vines snap off easily if they are grabbed . this happens without pain , allowing tangela to make a quick getaway . the lost vines are replaced by newly grown vines the very next day .
blue plant vines cloak the pokémon ’ s identity in a tangled mass . tangela entangles anything that gets close .
the whole body is swathed with wide vines that are similar to seaweed . the vines sway as tangela walks .
tangela vines snap off easily and painlessly if they are grabbed , allowing tangela to make a quick getaway . the lost vines are replaced by new growth the very next day .
tangela is shrouded by blue vines . no one has seen the face hidden behind this growth of vines .
the blue vines shrouding tangela body are covered in a growth of fine hair . tangela is known to be ticklish .
many writhing vines cover tangela , so tangela true identity remains unknown . the blue vines grow tangela whole life long .
tangela identity is obscured by masses of thick blue vines . the vines are said to never stop growing .
hidden beneath a tangle of vines that grows nonstop even if the vines are torn off , this pokémon ’ s true appearance remains a mystery .
the vines of a tangela have a distinct scent . in some parts of galar , tangela vines are used as herbs .
tangela is cloaked entirely in blue vines , preventing any glimpse of tangela true identity . the vines impart a refreshing sensation when chewed — they ’ re useful as a spice .
tangela tangle
tangela twisted mesh of strands ( e.g . vines )