horsea dragon pokémon
known to shoot down flying bugs with precision blasts of ink from the surface of the water .
if horsea senses any danger , horsea will vigorously spray water or a special type of ink from horsea mouth .
if attacked by a larger enemy , horsea quickly swims to safety by adeptly controlling horsea dorsal fin .
horsea big , developed fins move rapidly , allowing horsea to swim backward while still facing forward .
when they ’ re in a safe location , they can be seen playfully tangling their tails together .
horsea eats small insects and moss off of rocks . if the ocean current turns fast , this pokémon anchors horsea by wrapping horsea tail around rocks or coral to prevent being washed away .
if horsea senses danger , horsea will reflexively spray a dense black ink from horsea mouth and try to escape . this pokémon swims by cleverly flapping the fins on horsea back .
horsea maintains balance using horsea tail , which is wound up like a coil . horsea may spray ink from horsea mouth .
by cleverly flicking the fins on horsea back side to side , horsea moves in any direction while facing forward . horsea spits ink to escape if horsea senses danger .
horsea makes horsea nest in the shade of corals . if horsea senses danger , horsea spits murky ink and flees .
if attacked by a larger enemy , horsea quickly swims to safety by adeptly controlling horsea well-developed dorsal fin .
if horsea senses danger , horsea will reflexively spray a dense black ink from horsea mouth and try to escape . this pokémon swims by cleverly flapping the fin on horsea back .
horsea makes horsea home in oceans with gentle currents . if this pokémon is under attack , horsea spits out pitch-black ink and escapes .
they swim with dance-like motions and cause whirlpools to form . horsea compete to see which of them can generate the biggest whirlpool .
horsea makes horsea nest in the shade of corals . if horsea senses danger , horsea spits black ink and flees .
horsea seahorse
horsea marine creature
horsea horsie
horsea cutesy slang for ‘ horse ’