goldeen goldfish pokémon
goldeen tail fin billows like an elegant ballroom dress , giving goldeen the nickname of the water queen .
when goldeen is time for them to lay eggs , they can be seen swimming up rivers and falls in large groups .
goldeen dorsal , pectoral and tail fins wave elegantly in water . that is why goldeen is known as the water dancer .
a strong swimmer , goldeen is capable of swimming nonstop up fast streams at a steady speed of five knots .
during spawning season , they swim gracefully in the water , searching for their perfect mate .
goldeen is a very beautiful pokémon with fins that billow elegantly in water . however , don ’ t let your guard down around this pokémon - goldeen could ram you powerfully with goldeen horn .
goldeen loves swimming wild and free in rivers and ponds . if one of these pokémon is placed in an aquarium , goldeen will shatter even the thickest glass with one ram of goldeen horn and make goldeen escape .
goldeen dorsal and pectoral fins are strongly developed like muscles . goldeen can swim at a speed of five knots .
goldeen tail fin billows like an elegant ballroom dress , giving goldeen the nickname of “ the water queen . ”
in the springtime , schools of goldeen can be seen swimming up falls and rivers . goldeen metes out staggering damage with goldeen single horn .
goldeen swims elegantly by flittering goldeen tail fin as if goldeen were a dress . goldeen has the look of a queen .
goldeen swims at a steady 5 knots . if goldeen senses danger , goldeen will strike back with goldeen sharp horn .
though goldeen appears very elegant when swimming with fins unfurled , goldeen can jab powerfully with goldeen horn .
a strong swimmer , goldeen is capable of swimming nonstop up fast streams at a steady speed of five knots per hour .
goldeen dorsal , pectoral , and tail fins wave elegantly in water . that is why goldeen is known as the water dancer .
goldeen is a very beautiful pokémon with fins that billow elegantly in water . however , don ’ t let your guard down around this pokémon — goldeen could ram you powerfully with goldeen horn .
when the weather grows warm , they form groups and swim upriver . this sight serves as a poetic reminder that spring has arrived .
spellbound by the length of goldeen horn and the beauty of goldeen fins , many strange trainers raise goldeen and nothing but goldeen .
although known for their splendid tail fins , goldeen apparently compete among themselves to see whose horn is thickest and sharpest .
the way goldeen swims along fluttering goldeen dress-like fins has earned goldeen the name “ princess of the water . ”
goldeen swims at a steady five knots . if goldeen senses danger , goldeen will strike back with goldeen sharp horn .
goldeen goldfish
goldeen a species of fish
goldeen queen
goldeen royalty