seaking goldfish pokémon
in the autumn spawning season , they can be seen swimming powerfully up rivers and creeks .
seaking is the male ’ s job to make a nest by carving out boulders in a stream using the horn on seaking head .
during spawning season , seaking gather from all over , coloring the rivers a brilliant red .
using seaking horn , seaking bores holes in riverbed boulders , making nests to prevent seaking eggs from washing away .
when autumn comes , the males patrol the area around their nests in order to protect their offspring .
in the autumn , seaking males can be seen performing courtship dances in riverbeds to woo females . during this season , this pokémon ’ s body coloration is at seaking most beautiful .
seaking is very protective of seaking eggs . the male and female will take turns patrolling around their nest and eggs . the guarding of eggs by these pokémon goes on for over a month .
the horn on seaking head is sharp like a drill . seaking bores a hole in a boulder to make seaking nest .
seaking punches holes in boulders on streambeds . this is a clever innovation that prevents seaking eggs from being attacked or washed away by the current .
seaking makes seaking nest by hollowing out boulders in streams with seaking horn . seaking defends seaking eggs with seaking life .
to protect seaking family , seaking will fight with seaking drill-sharp horn . seaking lives in hollowed rocks in streams .
in autumn , seaking body becomes more fatty in preparing to propose to a mate . seaking takes on beautiful colors .
during spawning season , seaking gather from all over , causing rivers to appear a brilliant red .
when the weather grows cold , seaking whole body flushes a deep red . this sight serves as a poetic reminder that autumn has arrived .
trainers who are crazy for seaking are divided into horn enthusiasts and fin enthusiasts . the two groups do not get along well .
seaking horn spins like a drill to steadily hollow out rocks — even harder ones . the coloration of the male is more vivid .
to attract females , males dance on the river ’ s floor . the females gather around the male that dances most gracefully .
seaking makes seaking nest by hollowing out boulders in streams with seaking horn . the pokémon defends seaking eggs with seaking life .
seaking sea
seaking large body of water
seaking king
seaking royalty