butterfree butterfly pokémon
in battle , butterfree flaps butterfree wings at high speed to release highly toxic dust into the air .
butterfree wings , covered with poisonous powders , repel water . this allows butterfree to fly in the rain .
butterfree collects honey every day . butterfree rubs honey onto the hairs on butterfree legs to carry butterfree back to butterfree nest .
water-repellent powder on butterfree wings enables butterfree to collect honey , even in the heaviest of rains .
butterfree flits from flower to flower , collecting honey . butterfree can even identify distant flowers in bloom .
butterfree has a superior ability to search for delicious honey from flowers . butterfree can even search out , extract , and carry honey from flowers that are blooming over six miles from butterfree nest .
the wings are protected by rain-repellent dust . as a result , this pokémon can fly about even in rain .
in battle , butterfree flaps butterfree wings at great speed to release highly toxic dust into the air .
butterfree has a superior ability to search for delicious honey from flowers . butterfree can seek , extract , and carry honey from flowers blooming over six miles away .
butterfree loves the honey of flowers and can locate flower patches that have even tiny amounts of pollen .
close examination of butterfree large eyes reveals that each eye is composed of a myriad of tiny eyes .
when attacked by other pokémon , butterfree defends butterfree by scattering butterfree poisonous scales and fluttering butterfree wings .
butterfree wings are covered in toxic scales . if butterfree finds bird pokémon going after caterpie , butterfree sprinkles butterfree scales on them to drive them off .
nectar from pretty flowers is butterfree favorite food . in fields of flowers , butterfree has heated battles with cutiefly for territory .
butterfree wings , covered with poisonous powder , repel water . this allows butterfree to fly in the rain .
butterfree loves the nectar of flowers and can locate flower patches that have even tiny amounts of pollen .
butterfree butterfly
butterfree a species of flying insect
butterfree free
butterfree without limit , now it ’ s able to fly