staryu star shape pokémon
an enigmatic pokémon that can effortlessly regenerate any appendage staryu loses in battle .
as long as the center section is unharmed , staryu can grow back fully even if staryu is chopped to bits .
at night , the center of staryu body slowly flickers with the same rhythm as a human heartbeat .
even if staryu body is torn , staryu can regenerate as long as the glowing central core remains intact .
when the stars twinkle at night , staryu floats up from the sea floor , and staryu body ’ s center core flickers .
staryu ’ s center section has an organ called the core that shines bright red . if you go to a beach toward the end of summer , the glowing cores of these pokémon look like the stars in the sky .
staryu apparently communicates with the stars in the night sky by flashing the red core at the center of staryu body . if parts of staryu body are torn , this pokémon simply regenerates the missing pieces and limbs .
staryu appears in large numbers by seashores . at night , staryu central core flashes with a red light .
staryu gathers with others in the night and makes staryu red core glow on and off with the twinkling stars . staryu can regenerate limbs if they are severed from staryu body .
if staryu body is torn , staryu can grow back if the red core remains . the core flashes at midnight .
at night , the middle of staryu body slowly flickers with the same rhythm as a human heartbeat .
as long as staryu red core remains , staryu can regenerate staryu body instantly , even if staryu ’ s torn apart .
large numbers of these pokémon make their home at the seaside . at night , a strange red glow radiates from the center of their bodies .
this pokémon gets nibbled on by lumineon and others . thanks to staryu red core , staryu regenerates fast , so staryu ’ s unconcerned by their snack attacks .
in many places , there are folktales of stardust falling into the ocean and becoming staryu .
no number of injuries can bother staryu . staryu amazing regenerative powers return staryu to staryu previous state in half a day !
as long as the center section is unharmed , this pokémon can grow back fully even if staryu is chopped to bits .
if you visit a beach at the end of summer , you ’ ll be able to see groups of staryu lighting up in a steady rhythm .
fish pokémon nibble at staryu , but staryu isn ’ t bothered . staryu body regenerates quickly , even if part of staryu is completely torn off .
if staryu ’ s body is damaged , staryu will regenerate as long as the red core remains . the core flashes at midnight .
staryu starfish
staryu marine creature
staryu you
staryu opposite of me ( from starmie )