starmie mysterious pokémon
starmie central core glows with the seven colors of the rainbow . some people value the core as a gem .
the center section is named the core . people think starmie is communicating when starmie glows in 7 colors .
the center section of starmie body is called the core . starmie glows in a different color each time starmie is seen .
regardless of the environment starmie lives in , starmie body grows to form a symmetrical geometric shape .
starmie is said that starmie uses the seven-colored core of starmie body to send electric waves into outer space .
starmie ’ s center section - the core - glows brightly in seven colors . because of starmie luminous nature , this pokémon has been given the nickname “ the gem of the sea . ”
starmie swims through water by spinning starmie star-shaped body as if starmie were a propeller on a ship . the core at the center of this pokémon ’ s body glows in seven colors .
this pokémon has a geometric body . because of starmie body , the locals suspect that starmie is an alien creature .
people in ancient times imagined that starmie were transformed from the reflections of stars that twinkled on gentle waves at night .
at the center of starmie body is a red core , which sends mysterious radio signals into the night sky .
the middle section of starmie body is called the core . starmie glows in a different color each time starmie is seen .
starmie core shines in many colors and sends radio signals into space to communicate with something .
starmie ’ s center section — the core — glows brightly in seven colors . because of starmie luminous nature , this pokémon has been given the nickname “ the gem of the sea . ”
starmie shining core is thought to receive and transmit enigmatic signals . starmie has been known to cause headaches in those who approach starmie .
starmie unusual body shape , reminiscent of abstract art , led local people to spread rumors that this pokémon may be an invader from outer space .
starmie sparkling core is called “ the gem of the sea. ” this core can be made into high-priced accessories that are traded in secret .
starmie rotates starmie geometrically shaped body to swim through the water . starmie always seems to be sending out mysterious radio waves .
the center section is named the core . people think starmie is communicating when starmie glows in seven colors .
this pokémon has an organ known as starmie core . the organ glows in seven colors when starmie is unleashing starmie potent psychic powers .
starmie swims by spinning starmie body at high speed . as this pokémon cruises through the ocean , starmie absorbs tiny plankton .
at the center of starmie body is a red core that sends mysterious radio signals into the night sky .
starmie starfish
starmie marine creature
starmie me
starmie opposite of you ( from staryu )