scyther mantis pokémon
with ninja-like agility and speed , scyther can create the illusion that there is more than one .
leaps out of tall grass and slices prey with scyther scythes . the movement looks like that of a ninja .
scyther slashes through grass with scyther sharp scythes , moving too fast for the human eye to track .
when scyther moves , scyther leaves only a blur . if scyther hides in grass , scyther protective colors make scyther invisible .
scyther ’ s very proud of scyther speed . scyther moves so fast that scyther opponent does not even know what knocked scyther down .
scyther is blindingly fast . scyther blazing speed enhances the effectiveness of the twin scythes on scyther forearms . this pokémon ’ s scythes are so effective , they can slice through thick logs in one wicked stroke .
scyther tears and shreds prey with scyther wickedly sharp scythes . scyther very rarely spreads scyther wings to fly .
with ninja-like agility and speed , scyther can create the illusion that there is more than one of scyther .
scyther blindingly fast speed adds to the sharpness of scyther twin forearm scythes . the scythes can slice through thick logs in one wicked stroke .
scyther is nearly impossible to parry scyther attacking scythes . scyther movements are like a ninja ’ s .
the sharp scythes on scyther forearms become increasingly sharp by cutting through hard objects .
when scyther moves , scyther leaves only a blur . if scyther hides in grass , scyther protective coloration makes scyther invisible .
scyther confuses scyther prey with scyther quick , ninja-like movements . then , in an instant , scyther cleaves them with scyther scythes .
while young , they live together deep in the mountains , training themselves in how to fight with their scythes and move at high speeds .
scyther two sharp scythes are more than just weapons . scyther uses them with dexterity to dress scyther prey before eating .
some call scyther a ninja . scyther movements — imperceptibly quick — are sufficient to cleave the air in two . scyther ’ s very popular in alola .
as scyther fights more and more battles , scyther scythes become sharper and sharper . with a single slice , scyther can fell a massive tree .
if you come across an area in a forest where a lot of the trees have been cut down , what you ’ ve found is a scyther ’ s territory .
the large , wickedly sharp scythes on scyther forearms are truly fearsome weapons . prey ’ s attempts to flee are unfailingly thwarted by this pokémon ’ s nimble motions .
scyther scythe
scyther swordlike implement