electabuzz electric pokémon
normally found near power plants , they can wander away and cause major blackouts in cities .
if a major power outage occurs , electabuzz is certain that this pokémon has eaten electricity at a power plant .
electricity runs across the surface of electabuzz body . in darkness , electabuzz entire body glows a whitish-blue .
electabuzz body constantly discharges electricity . getting close to electabuzz will make your hair stand on end .
when two electabuzz touch , they control the electric currents to communicate their feelings .
when a storm arrives , gangs of this pokémon compete with each other to scale heights that are likely to be stricken by lightning bolts . some towns use electabuzz in place of lightning rods .
electabuzz loves to feed on strong electricity . electabuzz occasionally appears around large power plants and so on .
when a storm approaches , electabuzz competes with others to scale heights that are likely to be stricken by lightning . some towns use electabuzz in place of lightning rods .
half of all blackouts occur when this pokémon appears at power plants and eats electricity .
electabuzz windmills electabuzz arms to slightly boost electabuzz punches . foes have been known to escape in the meantime .
research is progressing on storing lightning in electabuzz so this energy can be used at any time .
electricity runs across the surface of electabuzz body . in darkness , electabuzz entire body glows a whitish blue .
half of all sudden blackouts are caused by electabuzz gathering at electric power plants and gobbling up electricity .
electricity leaks from electabuzz in amounts far greater than the amount of electricity electabuzz eats .
electricity permeates electabuzz body . electabuzz swings electabuzz arms round and round to charge up electricity before unleashing a punch .
while electabuzz ’ s often blamed for power outages , the truth is the cause of outages is more often an error on the part of the electric company .
many power plants keep ground-type pokémon around as a defense against electabuzz that come seeking electricity .
with the coming of a storm , many of these pokémon will gather under tall trees and sit there waiting for lightning to strike .
feeds on electrical energy . during sudden showers beneath looming thunderclouds , one can observe electabuzz scaling tall trees , where the pokémon will then wait for lightning to strike .
electabuzz electricity
electabuzz energy from electric currents
electabuzz buzz
electabuzz low humming sound , as in electricity