magmar spitfire pokémon
magmar body always burns with an orange glow that enables magmar to hide perfectly among flames .
born in an active volcano . magmar body is always cloaked in flames , so magmar looks like a big ball of fire .
magmar dislikes cold places , so magmar blows scorching flames to make the environment suitable for magmar .
the fiery surface of magmar body gives off a wavering , rippling glare that is similar to the sun .
magmar moves more frequently in hot areas . magmar can heal magmar by dipping magmar wound into lava .
in battle , magmar blows out intensely hot flames from all over magmar body to intimidate magmar opponent . this pokémon ’ s fiery bursts create heat waves that ignite grass and trees in magmar surroundings .
found near the mouth of a volcano . this fire-breather ’ s body temperature is nearly 2,200 degrees fahrenheit .
magmar body always burns with an orange glow that enables magmar to hide perfectly amidst flames .
in battle , magmar blows out intense flames from all over magmar body to intimidate magmar foe . these fiery bursts create heat waves that ignite grass and trees in the area .
born in the spout of a volcano , magmar body is covered by flames that shimmer like the sun .
when magmar breathes deeply , heat waves form around magmar body , making magmar hard to see clearly .
the scorching fire exhaled by magmar forms heat waves around magmar body , making magmar hard to see the pokémon clearly .
when magmar ’ s tired , magmar leaps into the mouth of a volcano and soaks magmar body in magma to ease magmar weariness . magmar body burns at 2,192 degrees f .
when angered , magmar spouts brilliant fire from all over magmar body . magmar doesn ’ t calm down until magmar opponent has burned to ash .
magmar entire body is burning . when magmar breathes , the temperature rises . when magmar sneezes , flames shoot out !
the hotter the place , the better they feel . magmar in alola are said to be hardier than those in other areas .
magmar dispatches magmar prey with fire . but magmar regrets this habit once magmar realizes that magmar has burned magmar intended prey to a charred crisp .
these pokémon ’ s bodies are constantly burning . magmar are feared as one of the causes behind fires .
magmar was born in the crater of a volcano . magmar body is covered with flames that shimmer like the sun .
legend has magmar that this pokémon was born from the crater of a volcano . when wounded , magmar bathes in lava to heal magmar body , much as one would soak in a hot spring .
magmar magma
magmar the melted rock in a volcano
magmar mar
magmar damage , spoil