pinsir stag beetle pokémon
if pinsir fails to crush the victim in pinsir pincers , pinsir will swing pinsir around and toss pinsir hard .
grips pinsir prey in pinsir pincers and squeezes hard ! pinsir can ’ t move if pinsir ’ s cold , so pinsir lives in warm places .
with pinsir horns , pinsir digs burrows to sleep in at night . in the morning , damp soil clings to pinsir body .
swings pinsir long antlers wildly to attack . during cold periods , pinsir hides deep in forests .
when the temperature drops at night , pinsir sleeps on treetops or among roots where pinsir is well hidden .
pinsir is astoundingly strong . pinsir can grip a foe weighing twice pinsir weight in pinsir horns and easily lift pinsir . this pokémon ’ s movements turn sluggish in cold places .
pinsir has a pair of massive horns protruding from the surface of these horns are thorns . these thorns are driven deeply into the foe ’ s body when the pincer closes , making pinsir tough for the foe to escape .
pinsir two long pincer horns are powerful . once they grip an enemy , they won ’ t release until the foe is torn .
if pinsir fails to crush the foe in pinsir pincers , pinsir will swing around and toss the opponent .
their pincers are strong enough to shatter thick logs . because they dislike cold , pinsir burrow and sleep under the ground on chilly nights .
pinsir grips prey with pinsir pincers until the prey is torn in half . what pinsir can ’ t tear , pinsir tosses far .
with pinsir pincer horns , pinsir digs burrows to sleep in at night . in the morning , damp soil clings to pinsir body .
pinsir swings pinsir long pincer horns wildly to attack . during cold periods , pinsir hides deep in forests .
pinsir grips prey with pinsir powerful pincers and will not let go until the prey is torn in half .
pinsir has a pair of massive horns . protruding from the surface of these horns are thorns . these thorns are driven deeply into the foe ’ s body when the pincer closes , making pinsir tough for the foe to escape .
pinsir grips pinsir prey in pinsir pincers and splits them apart . although pinsir is a powerful pokémon , pinsir can ’ t deal with the cold .
one solid blow from pinsir horns is enough to split apart a large tree . pinsir greatest rival in alola is vikavolt .
pinsir gets into territorial disputes with vikavolt . for some reason , pinsir apparently gets along well with heracross in alola .
although pinsir ’ s tough , pinsir can ’ t handle cold well . when night falls , pinsir buries pinsir in leafage and sleeps .
these pokémon judge one another based on pincers . thicker , more impressive pincers make for more popularity with the opposite gender .
this pokémon clamps pinsir pincers down on pinsir prey and then either splits the prey in half or flings pinsir away .
pinsir grips prey with pinsir pincers until the prey is torn apart . what pinsir can ’ t tear , pinsir tosses far away .
pinsir pincer
pinsir crab ’ s claw
pinsir sir
pinsir noble title