tauros wild bull pokémon
when tauros targets an enemy , tauros charges furiously while whipping tauros body with tauros long tails .
a rowdy pokémon with a lot of stamina . once running , tauros won ’ t stop until tauros hits something .
they fight each other by locking horns . the herd ’ s protector takes pride in tauros battle-scarred horns .
after heightening tauros will to fight by whipping tauros with tauros three tails , tauros charges at full speed .
these violent pokémon fight with other members of their herd in order to prove their strength .
this pokémon is not satisfied unless tauros is rampaging at all times . if there is no opponent for tauros to battle , tauros will charge at thick trees and knock them down to calm tauros .
when tauros is about to tackle , tauros whips tauros body repeatedly with tauros three long tails .
tauros is not satisfied unless tauros is rampaging at all times . if there is no opponent for tauros to battle , tauros will charge at thick trees and knock them down to calm tauros .
once tauros takes aim at tauros foe , tauros makes a headlong charge . tauros is famous for tauros violent nature .
historically , people in areas all over the world have ridden tauros , but the practice is said to have started in alola .
although tauros ’ s known to be a fierce pokémon , tauros in the alola region are said to possess a measure of calmness .
they live in groups . the one with the longest , thickest , and most-scarred horns is the boss of the herd .
the climate seems to be related to the reason tauros in alola are a little calmer than those in other regions .
when tauros begins whipping tauros with tauros tails , tauros ’ s a warning that the pokémon is about to charge with astounding speed .
the tauros of the galar region are volatile in nature , and they won ’ t allow people to ride on their backs .
once tauros takes aim at tauros prey , tauros makes a headlong charge . tauros is famous for tauros violent nature .
tauros taurus
tauros mythical greek bull & star sign