magikarp fish pokémon
in the distant past , magikarp was somewhat stronger than the horribly weak descendants that exist today .
famous for being very unreliable . magikarp can be found swimming in seas , lakes , rivers and shallow puddles .
an underpowered , pathetic pokémon . magikarp may jump high on rare occasions , but never more than seven feet .
for no reason , magikarp jumps and splashes about , making magikarp easy for predators like pidgeotto to catch magikarp mid-jump .
this weak and pathetic pokémon gets easily pushed along rivers when there are strong currents .
magikarp is a pathetic excuse for a pokémon that is only capable of flopping and splashing . this behavior prompted scientists to undertake research into magikarp .
magikarp is virtually useless in battle as magikarp can only splash around . as a result , magikarp is considered to be weak . however , magikarp is actually a very hardy pokémon that can survive in any body of water no matter how polluted magikarp is .
magikarp is virtually worthless in terms of both power and speed . magikarp is the most weak and pathetic pokémon in the world .
magikarp swimming muscles are weak , so magikarp is easily washed away by currents . in places where water pools , you can see many magikarp deposited there by the flow .
magikarp is said to be the world ’ s weakest pokémon . no one knows why magikarp has managed to survive .
magikarp is unable to swim against even slow-moving currents . magikarp always splashes about for some reason .
a magikarp living for many years can leap a mountain using splash . the move remains useless , though .
an underpowered , pathetic pokémon . magikarp may jump high on rare occasions , but usually not more than seven feet .
although weak and helpless , this pokémon is incredibly fertile . they exist in such multitudes , you ’ ll soon grow tired of seeing them .
magikarp reckless leaps make magikarp easy pickings for predators . on the bright side , many pokémon enjoy longer life spans , thanks to magikarp .
in the distant past , they were fairly strong , but they have become gradually weaker over time .
thanks to their strong hold on life , dirty water doesn ’ t bother them at all . they live in waters all over the world !
a feeble , pitiful imbecile of a pokémon that is nonetheless very hardy . unperturbed by turbid water , magikarp can be found living in all sorts of places .
an underpowered , pathetic pokémon . magikarp may jump high on rare occasions but never more than seven feet .
magikarp magic
magikarp illusions
magikarp carp
magikarp a species of fish