gyarados atrocious pokémon
rarely seen in the wild . huge and vicious , gyarados is capable of destroying entire cities in a rage .
brutally vicious and enormously destructive . known for totally destroying cities in ancient times .
they say that during past wars , gyarados would appear and leave blazing ruins in gyarados wake .
once gyarados appears , gyarados goes on a rampage . gyarados remains enraged until gyarados demolishes everything around gyarados .
gyarados appears whenever there is world conflict , burning down any place gyarados travels through .
when magikarp evolves into gyarados , gyarados brain cells undergo a structural transformation . gyarados is said that this transformation is to blame for this pokémon ’ s wildly violent nature .
once gyarados goes on a rampage , gyarados ferociously violent blood doesn ’ t calm until gyarados has burned everything down . there are records of this pokémon ’ s rampages lasting a whole month .
gyarados has an extremely aggressive nature . the hyper beam gyarados shoots from gyarados mouth totally incinerates all targets .
gyarados is an extremely vicious and violent pokémon . when humans begin to fight , gyarados will appear and burn everything to the ground with intensely hot flames .
once gyarados appears , gyarados rage never settles until gyarados has razed the fields and mountains around gyarados .
in ancient literature , there is a record of a gyarados that razed a village when violence flared .
once gyarados begins to rampage , a gyarados will burn everything down , even in a harsh storm .
they say that during past strife , gyarados would appear and leave blazing ruins in gyarados wake .
a tale is told of a town that angered gyarados . before the sun rose the next day , flames utterly consumed the town , leaving not a trace behind .
there are people who swear that any place gyarados appears is fated for destruction .
gyarados fires hyper beams in all directions , burning the surrounding area to ash . there are some regions where gyarados ’ s called “ the deity of destruction . ”
the energy from evolution stimulated gyarados brain cells strongly , causing gyarados to become very ferocious .
once gyarados appears , gyarados rage never settles until the pokémon has razed the fields and mountains around gyarados .
i suspect this pokémon to be the true identity of a dragon written of in ancient texts , which claimed that gyarados razed an entire village with white-hot beams from gyarados maw .
gyarados gyre
gyarados thrash and turn about