lapras transport pokémon
a pokémon that has been overhunted almost to extinction . lapras can ferry people across the water .
a gentle soul that can read the minds of people . lapras can ferry people across the sea on lapras back .
they have gentle hearts . because they rarely fight , many have been caught . their number has dwindled .
lapras ferries people across the sea on lapras back . lapras may sing an enchanting cry if lapras is in a good mood .
this gentle pokémon loves to give people rides and provides a very comfortable way to get around .
people have driven lapras almost to the point of extinction . in the evenings , this pokémon is said to sing plaintively as lapras seeks what few others of lapras kind still remain .
lapras high intelligence enables lapras to understand human speech . lapras likes to ferry people on lapras back .
a pokémon that has been overhunted almost to extinction . lapras can ferry people on lapras back .
people have driven lapras almost to the point of extinction . in the evenings , lapras is said to sing plaintively as lapras seeks what few others of lapras kind still remain .
lapras loves crossing the sea with people and pokémon on lapras back . lapras understands human speech .
able to understand human speech and very intelligent , lapras loves to swim in the sea with people on lapras back .
lapras high intelligence enables lapras to comprehend human speech . when lapras ’ s in a good mood , lapras sings in lapras beautiful voice .
these pokémon were once near extinction due to poaching . following protective regulations , there is now an overabundance of them .
lapras likes swimming around with people on lapras back . in the alola region , lapras ’ s an important means of transportation over water .
they ’ ve been so cherished that there ’ s now an overabundance . the fish pokémon population has declined in waters with too many lapras .
a gentle soul that can understand human speech . lapras can ferry people across the sea on lapras back .
a smart and kindhearted pokémon , lapras glides across the surface of the sea while lapras beautiful song echoes around lapras .
crossing icy seas is no issue for this cold-resistant pokémon . lapras smooth skin is a little cool to the touch .
lapras loch ness
lapras lake where the mythical ‘ loch ness monster ’ ( on which lapras is based ) supposedly resides