ditto transform pokémon
capable of copying an enemy ’ s genetic code to instantly transform ditto into a duplicate of the enemy .
when ditto spots an enemy , ditto body transfigures into an almost perfect copy of ditto opponent .
ditto can transform into anything . when ditto sleeps , ditto changes into a stone to avoid being attacked .
ditto transformation ability is perfect . however , if made to laugh , ditto can ’ t maintain ditto disguise .
when ditto encounters another ditto , ditto will move faster than normal to duplicate that opponent exactly .
ditto rearranges ditto cell structure to transform ditto into other shapes . however , if ditto tries to transform ditto into something by relying on ditto memory , this pokémon manages to get details wrong .
ditto can freely recombine ditto own cellular structure to transform into other life-forms .
capable of copying an opponent ’ s genetic code to instantly transform ditto into a duplicate of the enemy .
a ditto rearranges ditto cell structure to transform ditto . however , if ditto tries to change based on ditto memory , ditto will get details wrong .
ditto has the ability to reconstitute ditto entire cellular structure to transform into whatever ditto sees .
ditto can reconstitute ditto entire cellular structure to change into what ditto sees , but ditto returns to normal when ditto relaxes .
ditto can reorganize ditto cells to make ditto into a duplicate of anything ditto sees . the quality of the duplicate depends on the individual .
with ditto astonishing capacity for metamorphosis , ditto can get along with anything . ditto does not get along well with ditto fellow ditto .
while ditto can transform into anything , each ditto apparently has ditto own strengths and weaknesses when ditto comes to transformations .
ditto transforms into whatever ditto sees . if the thing ditto ’ s transforming into isn ’ t right in front of ditto , ditto relies on ditto memory — so sometimes ditto fails .
when ditto spots an enemy , ditto body transfigures into an almost-perfect copy of ditto opponent .
ditto ditto
ditto a duplicate or copy