jolteon lightning pokémon
jolteon accumulates negative ions in the atmosphere to blast out 10000-volt lightning bolts .
a sensitive pokémon that easily becomes sad or angry . every time jolteon mood changes , jolteon charges power .
jolteon concentrates the weak electric charges emitted by jolteon cells and launches wicked lightning bolts .
every hair on jolteon body starts to stand sharply on end if jolteon becomes charged with electricity .
the negatively charged ions generated in jolteon fur create a constant sparking noise .
jolteon ’ s cells generate a low level of electricity . this power is amplified by the static electricity of jolteon fur , enabling the pokémon to drop thunderbolts . the bristling fur is made of electrically charged needles .
if jolteon is angered or startled , the fur all over jolteon body bristles like sharp needles that pierce foes .
jolteon accumulates negative ions in the atmosphere to blast out 10,000-volt lightning bolts .
jolteon cells generate weak power that is amplified by jolteon fur ’ s static electricity to drop thunderbolts . the bristling fur is made of electrically charged needles .
jolteon controls 10,000-volt power and can raise all the fur on jolteon body as if jolteon were sharp needles .
if agitated , jolteon uses electricity to straighten out jolteon fur and launch jolteon in small bunches .
by storing electricity in jolteon body , jolteon can shoot jolteon bristlelike fur like a barrage of missiles .
they send out electrical charges of about 10,000 volts . because they are high-strung , jolteon can be difficult to grow close to them .
when jolteon fur stands on end , that ’ s a sign jolteon ’ s about to give off a jolt of electricity . take care , as sometimes lightning strikes next to jolteon , too .
jolteon lungs contain an organ that creates electricity . the crackling sound of electricity can be heard when jolteon exhales .
jolteon fur stands on end , becoming like needles jolteon fires at enemies . once they ’ re weakened , jolteon finishes them off with a 10,000 volt shock .
jolteon controls 10,000-volt power . when the fur covering jolteon body stands on end , the fur is hard and sharp , like needles .
bristles jolteon fur into sharp , needlelike points when enraged . one can hear electricity crackle in jolteon breath when jolteon exhales .
jolteon jolt
jolteon a sudden movement or burst of electricity
jolteon eon
jolteon long period of time ( implying evolution )