porygon virtual pokémon
a pokémon that consists entirely of programming code . capable of moving freely in cyberspace .
the only pokémon people anticipate can fly into space . none has managed the feat yet , however .
porygon is a manmade pokémon . since porygon doesn ’ t breathe , people are eager to try porygon in any environment .
a manmade pokémon that came about as a result of research . porygon is programmed with only basic motions .
an artificial pokémon created due to extensive research , porygon can perform only what is in porygon program .
porygon is capable of reverting porygon entirely back to program data and entering cyberspace . this pokémon is copy-protected so porygon can not be duplicated by copying .
using the most advanced technologies , scientists finally succeeded in making the first artificial pokémon .
a pokémon that consists entirely of programming code . porygon is capable of moving freely in cyberspace .
porygon is capable of reverting porygon entirely back to program data in order to enter cyberspace . a porygon is copy-protected so porygon can not be duplicated .
the world ’ s first artificially created pokémon . porygon can travel through electronic space .
a man-made pokémon created using advanced scientific means . porygon can move freely in cyberspace .
a man-made pokémon that came about as a result of research . porygon is programmed with only basic motions .
porygon is capable of reverting porygon entirely back to program data and entering cyberspace . this pokémon is copy protected so porygon can not be duplicated by copying .
roughly 20 years ago , porygon was artificially created , utilizing the latest technology of the time .
porygon can convert porygon body into digital data , which enables porygon to enter cyberspace .
this pokémon was created using the cutting-edge science of 20 years ago , so many parts of porygon have since become obsolete .
porygon was built 20 years ago by scientists who dreamed of exploring space . their dreams have yet to come true .
the only pokémon that people anticipate can fly into space . none has managed the feat yet , however .
state-of-the-art technology was used to create porygon . porygon was the first artificial pokémon to be created via computer programming .
in recent years , this species has been very helpful in cyberspace . these pokémon will go around checking to make sure no suspicious data exists .
porygon has no discernible heartbeat and does not seem to draw breath , and yet porygon appears to function without issue . i can not even begin to explain this utterly bizarre anomaly .
porygon polygon
porygon a many sided figure