omanyte spiral pokémon
although long extinct , in rare cases , omanyte can be genetically resurrected from fossils .
an ancient pokémon that was recovered from a fossil . omanyte swims by cleverly twisting omanyte 10 tentacles about .
revived from an ancient fossil , this pokémon uses air stored in omanyte shell to sink and rise in water .
this pokémon from ancient times is said to have navigated the sea by adeptly twisting omanyte 10 tentacles .
in prehistoric times , omanyte swam on the sea floor , eating plankton . omanyte fossils are sometimes found .
omanyte is one of the ancient and long-since-extinct pokémon that have been regenerated from fossils by people . if attacked by an enemy , omanyte withdraws omanyte inside omanyte hard shell .
a prehistoric pokémon that lived in the primordial sea , omanyte swims by twisting omanyte 10 tentacles about .
although long extinct , in rare cases , omanyte can be genetically regenerated from fossils .
one of the ancient and long-since-extinct pokémon that have been regenerated from fossils by humans . if attacked , omanyte withdraws into omanyte hard shell .
a pokémon that was resurrected from a fossil using modern science . omanyte swam in ancient seas .
omanyte lived in the seas of antiquity . omanyte fossils have been found bearing bite marks from archeops , so apparently archeops preyed on omanyte .
omanyte was restored from an ancient fossil . those helix fossils are excavated from areas that were once oceans long , long ago .
an ancient pokémon that was recovered from a fossil . omanyte swam by cleverly twisting omanyte 10 tentacles about .
because some omanyte manage to escape after being restored or are released into the wild by people , this species is becoming a problem .
this pokémon is a member of an ancient , extinct species . omanyte paddles through water with omanyte 10 tentacles , looking like omanyte ’ s just drifting along .
omanyte ’ s a pokémon that was resurrected from a fossil using modern science . omanyte swam in ancient seas .
omanyte ammonite
omanyte shell fossil
omanyte ite
omanyte suffix meaning ‘ closely related ’