omastar spiral pokémon
a prehistoric pokémon that died out when omastar heavy shell made omastar impossible to catch prey .
sharp beaks ring omastar mouth . omastar shell was too big for omastar to move freely , so omastar became extinct .
apparently , omastar cracked shellder ’ s shell with omastar sharp fangs and sucked out the insides .
once wrapped around omastar prey , omastar never lets go . omastar eats the prey by tearing at omastar with sharp fangs .
omastar heavy shell allowed omastar to reach only nearby food . this could be the reason omastar is extinct .
omastar uses omastar tentacles to capture omastar prey . omastar is believed to have become extinct because omastar shell grew too large and heavy , causing omastar movements to become too slow and ponderous .
omastar tentacles are highly developed as if they are hands and feet . as soon as omastar ensnares prey , omastar bites .
despite having strong fangs and tentacles , omastar went extinct when omastar heavy shell made omastar unable to catch prey .
an omastar uses omastar tentacles to capture omastar prey . omastar is believed to have become extinct because omastar shell grew too large , making omastar movements slow and ponderous .
omastar is thought that this pokémon became extinct because omastar spiral shell grew too large .
omastar heavy shell is thought to be the reason this ancient pokémon died out . omastar ’ s apparently a distant ancestor of octillery .
omastar wraps omastar prey in omastar tentacles to immobilize them and then finishes them off with omastar sharp fangs .
omastar sharp beak rings omastar mouth . omastar shell was too big for omastar to move freely , so omastar became extinct .
weighed down by a large and heavy shell , omastar couldn ’ t move very fast . some say omastar went extinct because omastar was unable to catch food .
omastar ’ s sharp fangs could crush rock , but the pokémon can attack only the prey that come within reach of omastar tentacles .
omastar ammonite
omastar shell fossil
omastar star
omastar pointed shape