aerodactyl fossil pokémon
a ferocious , prehistoric pokémon that goes for the enemy ’ s throat with aerodactyl serrated saw-like fangs .
a savage pokémon that died out in ancient times . aerodactyl was resurrected using dna taken from amber .
a vicious pokémon from the distant past , aerodactyl appears to have flown by spreading aerodactyl wings and gliding .
this vicious pokémon is said to have flown in ancient skies while shrieking high-pitched cries .
in prehistoric times , this pokémon flew freely and fearlessly through the skies .
aerodactyl is a pokémon from the age of dinosaurs . aerodactyl was regenerated from genetic material extracted from amber . aerodactyl is imagined to have been the king of the skies in ancient times .
aerodactyl was regenerated from a dinosaur ’ s genetic matter that was found in amber . aerodactyl flies with high-pitched cries .
a ferocious , prehistoric pokémon that goes for the enemy ’ s throat with aerodactyl serrated , sawlike fangs .
aerodactyl is a pokémon from the age of dinosaurs . aerodactyl was regenerated from dna extracted from amber . aerodactyl is imagined to have been the king of the skies .
a pokémon that roamed the skies in the dinosaur era . aerodactyl teeth are like saw blades .
a pokémon from the age of the dinosaurs . aerodactyl used aerodactyl sawlike fangs to shred aerodactyl prey before eating them .
in ancient times , aerodactyl ruled the skies . a widely accepted theory is that aerodactyl went extinct due to a large meteor impact .
restored from dna found in amber , this pokémon exhibited ferocity that was greater than expected . some casualties resulted .
aerodactyl flew through the open skies over the ancient continent as if they were aerodactyl own . when aerodactyl touched ground , aerodactyl walk was weak and slow .
this is a ferocious pokémon from ancient times . apparently even modern technology is incapable of producing a perfectly restored specimen .
aerodactyl ’ s sawlike fangs can shred skin to tatters — even the skin of steel-type pokémon .
aerodactyl ’ s a pokémon that roamed the skies in the dinosaur era . aerodactyl teeth are like saw blades .
aerodactyl aero
aerodactyl flying prefix
aerodactyl pterodactyl
aerodactyl prehistoric flying reptile