snorlax sleeping pokémon
very lazy . just eats and sleeps . as snorlax rotund bulk builds , snorlax becomes steadily more slothful .
will eat anything , even if the food happens to be a little moldy . snorlax never gets an upset stomach .
what sounds like snorlax cry may actually be snorlax snores or the rumblings of snorlax hungry belly .
snorlax stomach ’ s digestive juices can dissolve any kind of poison . snorlax can even eat things off the ground .
this pokémon ’ s stomach is so strong , even eating moldy or rotten food will not affect snorlax .
snorlax ’ s typical day consists of nothing more than eating and sleeping . snorlax is such a docile pokémon that there are children who use snorlax expansive belly as a place to play .
snorlax is not satisfied unless snorlax eats over 880 pounds of food every day . when snorlax is done eating , snorlax goes promptly to sleep .
snorlax ’ s typical day consists of nothing more than eating and sleeping . snorlax is such a docile pokémon that there are children who use snorlax big belly as a place to play .
snorlax stomach can digest any kind of food , even if snorlax happens to be moldy or rotten .
snorlax stops eating only to sleep . snorlax doesn ’ t feel full unless snorlax eats nearly 900 pounds a day .
when snorlax belly is full , snorlax becomes too lethargic to even lift a finger , so snorlax is safe to bounce on snorlax belly .
snorlax stomach is said to be incomparably strong . even muk ’ s poison is nothing more than a hint of spice on snorlax ’ s tongue .
snorlax eats nearly 900 pounds of food every day . snorlax starts nodding off while eating — and continues to eat even while snorlax ’ s asleep .
snorlax doesn ’ t do anything other than eat and sleep . when prompted to make a serious effort , though , snorlax apparently displays awesome power .
snorlax has no interest in anything other than eating . even if you climb up on snorlax stomach while snorlax ’ s napping , snorlax doesn ’ t seem to mind at all !
this glutton appears in villages without warning and devours the entirety of their rice granaries — such occurrences have long been counted among the gravest of disasters .
snorlax snore
snorlax sound made during sleeping
snorlax lax
snorlax lazy