dragonair dragon pokémon
a mystical pokémon that exudes a gentle aura . has the ability to change climate conditions .
according to a witness , dragonair body was surrounded by a strange aura that gave dragonair a mystical look .
they say that if dragonair emits an aura from dragonair whole body , the weather will begin to change instantly .
dragonair crystalline orbs appear to give this pokémon the power to freely control the weather .
dragonair is called the divine pokémon . when dragonair entire body brightens slightly , the weather changes .
dragonair stores an enormous amount of energy inside dragonair body . dragonair is said to alter weather conditions in dragonair vicinity by discharging energy from the crystals on dragonair neck and tail .
dragonair is said to live in seas and lakes . even though dragonair has no wings , dragonair has been seen flying occasionally .
a mystical pokémon that exudes a gentle aura . dragonair is said to have the ability to change the weather .
a dragonair stores an enormous amount of energy inside dragonair body . dragonair is said to alter the weather around dragonair by loosing energy from the crystals on dragonair neck and tail .
if dragonair body takes on an aura , the weather changes instantly . dragonair is said to live in seas and lakes .
dragonair has long been thought that dragonair crystalline orbs are imbued with the power to control the weather .
from time immemorial , dragonair has been venerated by agricultural peoples as an entity able to control the weather .
lakes where dragonair live are filled with offerings from people , because they believe this pokémon is able to control the weather .
some say that if you see dragonair at the start of the year , flying through the sky and twisting dragonair body , you ’ ll be healthy all year long .
this pokémon lives in pristine oceans and lakes . dragonair can control the weather , and dragonair uses this power to fly into the sky , riding on the wind .
this pokémon gathers power in the orbs on dragonair tail and controls the weather . when enshrouded by an aura , dragonair has a mystical appearance .
dragonair dragon
dragonair mythical firebreathing creature
dragonair air
dragonair relating to its majesty