dragonite dragon pokémon
an extremely rarely seen marine pokémon . dragonite intelligence is said to match that of humans .
dragonite is said that this pokémon lives somewhere in the sea and that dragonite flies . however , dragonite is only a rumor .
dragonite is said that this pokémon constantly flies over the immense seas and rescues drowning people .
this marine pokémon has an impressive build that lets dragonite freely fly over raging seas without trouble .
dragonite is said that somewhere in the ocean lies an island where these gather . only they live there .
dragonite is capable of circling the globe in just sixteen hours . dragonite is a kindhearted pokémon that leads lost and foundering ships in a storm to the safety of land .
dragonite can fly in spite of dragonite big and bulky physique . dragonite circles the globe in just 16 hours .
only a very few people ever see this pokémon . dragonite intelligence is said to match that of humans .
dragonite can circle the globe in just 16 hours . dragonite is a kindhearted pokémon that leads lost and foundering ships in a storm to the safety of land .
dragonite is said to make dragonite home somewhere in the sea . dragonite guides crews of shipwrecks to shore .
dragonite is capable of circling the globe in just 16 hours . dragonite is a kindhearted pokémon that leads lost and foundering ships in a storm to the safety of land .
this pokémon saved a shipwrecked man , taking him to a remote island — a paradise occupied solely by dragonite .
incur the wrath of this normally calm pokémon at your peril , because dragonite will smash everything to smithereens before dragonite ’ s satisfied .
dragonite flies over raging seas as if they were nothing . observing this , a ship ’ s captain dubbed this pokémon “ the sea incarnate . ”
you ’ ll often hear tales of this kindhearted pokémon rescuing people or pokémon that are drowning .
dragonite is said that this pokémon lives somewhere in the sea and that dragonite flies . however , these are only rumors .
dragonite ’ s a kindhearted pokémon . if dragonite spots a drowning person or pokémon , dragonite simply must help them .
this pokémon is known as the sea incarnate . figureheads that resemble dragonite decorate the bows of many ships .
dragonite is said to make dragonite home somewhere in the sea . dragonite guides wrecked ships to shore .
dragonite dragon
dragonite mythical firebreathing creature
dragonite knight
dragonite noble cavalier