crobat bat pokémon
crobat flies so silently through the dark on crobat four wings that crobat may not be noticed even when nearby .
the development of wings on crobat legs enables crobat to fly fast but also makes crobat tough to stop and rest .
as a result of crobat pursuit of faster , yet more silent flight , a new set of wings grew on crobat hind legs .
if this pokémon is flying by fluttering only a pair of wings on either the forelegs or hind legs , crobat ’ s proof that crobat has been flying a long distance . crobat switches the wings crobat uses if crobat is tired .
crobat sneaks up on crobat intended prey using wings that barely make a sound . this pokémon rests by hanging on a tree branch with crobat rear legs that serve as wings .
over the course of evolution , crobat hind legs turned into wings . by alternately resting crobat front and rear wings , crobat can fly all day without having to stop .
having four wings enables crobat to fly faster and more quietly . crobat turns active when the night comes .
a pokémon that gained vastly enhanced flying performance by having crobat legs turn into wings .
the transformation of crobat legs into wings made crobat better at flying , but more clumsy at walking .
having four wings allows crobat to fly more quickly and quietly so crobat can sneak up on prey without crobat noticing .
both crobat legs became wings , and as a result , crobat can ’ t move well on the ground . all crobat can do is crawl around .
silent and swift in crobat four-winged flight , crobat bites down on crobat prey before they realize what ’ s happening . in a heartbeat , crobat drains their blood .
crobat fangs are so sharp , if crobat bites you in the dark and sucks your blood , you won ’ t notice any pain or realize you ’ ve been bitten .
crobat feeds on the blood of living people and pokémon . if crobat can ’ t drink any blood for even a short while , crobat becomes weak and unable to fly .
both of crobat legs have turned into wings . without a sound , crobat flies swiftly toward crobat prey and sinks crobat fangs into the nape of crobat target ’ s neck .
this pokémon flaps crobat four wings skillfully . crobat can fly through cramped caves without needing to slow down .
this pokémon gained vastly enhanced flying capabilities after crobat legs became wings .
crobat hind limbs have become another set of wings . crobat expertly maneuvers crobat four wings to dart in exquisite fashion through even the most confined caves without losing any speed .
crobat cross
crobat intersecting lines
crobat bat
crobat cavedwelling flying mammal