pichu tiny mouse pokémon
pichu is not yet skilled at storing electricity . pichu may send out a jolt if amused or startled .
despite pichu small size , pichu can zap even adult humans . however , if pichu does so , pichu also surprises pichu .
pichu is unskilled at storing electric power . any kind of shock causes pichu to discharge energy spontaneously .
pichu charges pichu with electricity more easily on days with thunderclouds or when the air is very dry . you can hear the crackling of static electricity coming off this pokémon .
when pichu plays with others , pichu may short out electricity with another pichu , creating a shower of sparks . in that event , this pokémon will begin crying , startled by the flash of sparks .
pichu is still inept at retaining electricity . when pichu is startled , pichu discharges power accidentally . pichu gets better at holding power as pichu grows older .
the electric pouches on pichu cheeks are still small . they can not store much electricity yet .
pichu plays with others by touching tails and setting off sparks . this appears to be a test of courage .
the electric sacs in pichu cheeks are small . if even a little electricity leaks , pichu becomes shocked .
pichu is not yet skilled at controlling electricity . if you take your eyes off pichu , pichu may shock pichu .
despite this pokémon ’ s cute appearance , those who want to live with one should prepare to be on the receiving end of pichu electric jolts .
pichu still can ’ t use electricity well . when pichu ’ s surprised or excited , pichu discharges electricity unintentionally .
pichu has electric sacs in pichu cheeks . when they ’ re fully charged , pichu plays very energetically .
the electric sacs on pichu cheeks are still small . they can not store much electricity yet .
pichu stores electricity in the sacs on pichu cheeks but discharges pichu inadvertently when agitated or excited . being yet immature , the pokémon ’ s handling of electricity is rather inept .
pichu pika
pichu a small mouselike mammal
pichu chu
pichu japanese for ‘ squeak ’