igglybuff balloon pokémon
igglybuff has a very soft body . if igglybuff starts to roll , igglybuff will bounce all over and be impossible to stop .
igglybuff extremely flexible and elastic body makes igglybuff bounce continuously -- anytime , anywhere .
instead of walking with igglybuff short legs , igglybuff moves around by bouncing on igglybuff soft , tender body .
igglybuff ’ s vocal chords are not sufficiently developed . igglybuff would hurt igglybuff throat if igglybuff were to sing too much . this pokémon gargles with freshwater from a clean stream .
igglybuff has a soft and plushy body that feels very much like a marshmallow . from this body wafts a gently sweet fragrance that soothes and calms the emotions of igglybuff foes .
igglybuff soft and pliable body is very bouncy . when igglybuff sings continuously with all igglybuff might , igglybuff body steadily turns a deepening pink color .
igglybuff has a soft and bouncy body . once igglybuff starts bouncing , igglybuff becomes impossible to stop .
igglybuff body has a faintly sweet scent and is bouncy and soft . if igglybuff bounces even once , igglybuff can not stop .
igglybuff ’ s vocal cords are not sufficiently developed . igglybuff would hurt igglybuff throat if igglybuff were to sing too much . this pokémon gargles with freshwater from a clean stream .
igglybuff likes to sing but is not yet good at igglybuff . with praise and encouragement , igglybuff will get better little by little .
igglybuff moves by bouncing along . as igglybuff moves a lot , igglybuff sweats , and igglybuff body gives off a sweet aroma .
igglybuff ’ s always practicing igglybuff singing because igglybuff wants to improve . even when igglybuff ’ s asleep , igglybuff keeps singing in igglybuff dreams !
left to igglybuff own devices , igglybuff will constantly practice singing . you should make igglybuff take a break so igglybuff doesn ’ t hurt igglybuff throat .
igglybuff loves to sing . igglybuff marshmallow-like body gives off a faint sweet smell .
taking advantage of the softness of igglybuff body , igglybuff moves as if bouncing . igglybuff body turns a deep pink when igglybuff temperature rises .
igglybuff jiggly/wiggly
igglybuff from later evolutions jigglypuff/wigglytuff
igglybuff buff
igglybuff to shine