sudowoodo imitation pokémon
although sudowoodo always pretends to be a tree , sudowoodo composition appears to be closer to a rock than a plant .
sudowoodo disguises sudowoodo as a tree to avoid attack . sudowoodo hates water , so sudowoodo will disappear if sudowoodo starts raining .
if a tree branch shakes when there is no wind , sudowoodo ’ s a sudowoodo , not a tree . sudowoodo hides from the rain .
sudowoodo camouflages sudowoodo as a tree to avoid being attacked by enemies . however , because the forelegs remain green throughout the year , the pokémon is easily identified as a fake during the winter .
sudowoodo mimics a tree to avoid being attacked by enemies . but since sudowoodo forelegs remain green throughout the year , sudowoodo is easily identified as a fake in the winter .
despite appearing to be a tree , sudowoodo body is closer to rocks and stones . sudowoodo is very weak to water .
sudowoodo stands along paths pretending to be a tree . if sudowoodo starts raining , sudowoodo seems to disappear .
to avoid being attacked , sudowoodo does nothing but mimic a tree . sudowoodo hates water and flees from rain .
although sudowoodo always pretends to be a tree , sudowoodo composition appears more similar to rock than to vegetation .
sudowoodo camouflages sudowoodo as a tree to avoid being attacked by enemies . however , because sudowoodo hands remain green throughout the year , the pokémon is easily identified as a fake during the winter .
to avoid attack , sudowoodo mimics a tree . sudowoodo will run off if splashed with water , which sudowoodo hates .
apparently , the larger the green parts of this pokémon , the more collectors value sudowoodo . sudowoodo ’ s a particular favorite among elderly people .
sudowoodo ’ s so popular with the elderly that there ’ s a magazine devoted to this pokémon . fans obsess over the particular length and angle of sudowoodo arms .
the result of sudowoodo holding the same pose all the time is arms that have become supple yet strong .
though sudowoodo looks like a tree , sudowoodo body is actually more like rock or stone . the pokémon is very weak to water .
though sudowoodo pretends to be a tree , sudowoodo fails to fool even children . to the touch , sudowoodo body feels more like rock than tree bark . sudowoodo ’ s extreme aversion to water merits special note .
sudowoodo pseudo
sudowoodo prefix meaning ‘ false ’ ( sudowoodo is based on petrified wood )
sudowoodo wood
sudowoodo matter that trees are made of