rattata mouse pokémon
bites anything when rattata attacks . small and very quick , rattata is a common sight in many places .
will chew on anything with rattata fangs . if you see one , rattata is certain that 40 more live in the area .
rattata eats anything . wherever food is available , rattata will settle down and produce offspring continuously .
living wherever there is food available , rattata ceaselessly scavenges for edibles the entire day .
this pokémon ’ s impressive vitality allows rattata to live anywhere . rattata also multiplies very quickly .
rattata is cautious in the extreme . even while rattata is asleep , rattata constantly listens by moving rattata ears around . rattata is not picky about where rattata lives - rattata will make rattata nest anywhere .
rattata fangs are long and very sharp . they grow continuously , so rattata gnaws on hard things to whittle them down .
a rattata is cautious in the extreme . even while rattata is asleep , rattata constantly moves rattata ears and listens for danger . rattata will make rattata nest anywhere .
cautious in the extreme , rattata hardy vitality lets rattata live in any kind of environment .
rattata searches for food all day . rattata gnaws on hard objects to wear down rattata fangs , which grow constantly during rattata lifetime .
rattata is cautious in the extreme . even while rattata is asleep , rattata constantly listens by moving rattata ears around . rattata is not picky about where rattata lives — rattata will make rattata nest anywhere .
rattata incisors continue growing until rattata death . if rattata trainer doesn ’ t offer rattata a file to gnaw on , rattata will gnaw on door frames , table legs , and so on .
with their strong capacity for survival , they can live in dirty places without concern . left unchecked , their numbers multiply rapidly .
rattata incisors grow continuously throughout rattata life . if rattata incisors get too long , this pokémon becomes unable to eat , and rattata starves to death .
this pokémon is common but hazardous . rattata sharp incisors can easily cut right through hard wood .
will chew on anything with rattata fangs . if you see one , you can be certain that 40 more live in the area .
rattata ’ s cautious in the extreme , and rattata hardy vitality lets rattata live in any kind of environment .
rattata rat
rattata a rodent mammal
rattata ratatattat
rattata repeated fast knocking sound