umbreon moonlight pokémon
when agitated , this pokémon protects umbreon by spraying poisonous sweat from umbreon pores .
when darkness falls , the rings on the body begin to glow , striking fear in the hearts of anyone nearby .
on the night of a full moon , or when umbreon gets excited , the ring patterns on umbreon body glow yellow .
umbreon evolved as a result of exposure to the moon ’ s waves . umbreon hides silently in darkness and waits for umbreon foes to make a move . the rings on umbreon body glow when umbreon leaps to attack .
when darkness falls , the rings on umbreon body begin to glow , striking fear in the hearts of anyone nearby .
umbreon evolved from exposure to the moon ’ s energy pulses . umbreon lurks in darkness and waits for umbreon foes to move . the rings on umbreon body glow when umbreon leaps to attack .
the light of the moon changed eevee ’ s genetic structure . umbreon lurks in darkness for prey .
when exposed to the moon ’ s aura , the rings on umbreon body glow faintly and umbreon gains a mysterious power .
when exposed to the moon ’ s aura , the rings on umbreon body glow faintly and umbreon ’ s filled with a mysterious power .
when this pokémon becomes angry , umbreon pores secrete a poisonous sweat , which umbreon sprays at umbreon opponent ’ s eyes .
with umbreon black fur , umbreon blends into the darkness . umbreon bides umbreon time , and when prey appears , this pokémon goes for umbreon throat , and then eats umbreon .
this pokémon is nocturnal . even in total darkness , umbreon large eyes can spot umbreon prey clearly !
umbreon lurks in the dark of night looking for prey . at the moment umbreon pounces , the rings on umbreon body glow dimly but ominously .
the light of the moon changed eevee ’ s genetic structure . umbreon lurks in the darkness , waiting for prey .
umbreon is most active in the wee hours of the night , when moonlight bathes the land . umbreon large eyes can pierce the darkness and perceive prey with absolute clarity .
umbreon umbra
umbreon darkest part of a shadow
umbreon eon
umbreon long period of time ( implying evolution )