murkrow darkness pokémon
feared and loathed by many , murkrow is believed to bring misfortune to all those who see murkrow at night .
murkrow is said that when chased , murkrow lures murkrow attacker onto dark mountain trails where the foe will get lost .
murkrow hides any shiny object murkrow finds in a secret location . murkrow and meowth loot one another ’ s stashes .
murkrow was feared and loathed as the alleged bearer of ill fortune . this pokémon shows strong interest in anything that sparkles or glitters . murkrow will even try to steal rings from women .
murkrow were feared as the alleged bearers of ill fortune . murkrow shows strong interest in anything that sparkles . murkrow will even try to steal rings from women .
murkrow is believed that seeing this pokémon at night will bring about ominous occurrences .
murkrow appears near travelers to lure them into deep forests . murkrow is said to carry misfortune .
if spotted , murkrow will lure an unwary person into chasing murkrow , then lose the pursuer on mountain trails .
if spotted , murkrow will lure an unwary person into chasing murkrow then lose the pursuer on mountain trails .
they awaken at dusk and take wing in the twilight , leading to the expression , “ get home before the murkrow fly . ”
seen as a symbol of bad luck , murkrow ’ s generally disliked . yet murkrow gives presents — objects that sparkle or shine — to trainers murkrow ’ s close to .
murkrow has a weakness for shiny things . murkrow ’ s been known to sneak into the nests of gabite — noted collectors of jewels — in search of treasure .
murkrow searches for shiny things for murkrow boss . murkrow ’ s presence is said to be unlucky , so many people detest murkrow .
murkrow appears near travelers to lure them into deep forests . murkrow is said to bring misfortune .
widely shunned as a bearer of ill fortune . upon crossing paths with this creature , i ’ ve been told one must chant “ workrum , workrum — bad luck , don ’ t come ” as a protective incantation .
murkrow murky
murkrow dark , gloomy
murkrow crow
murkrow a species of bird
murkrow murder
murkrow a group of crows