misdreavus screech pokémon
misdreavus likes playing mischievous tricks such as screaming and wailing to startle people at night .
misdreavus loves to bite and yank people ’ s hair from behind without warning , just to see their shocked reactions .
misdreavus loves to watch people misdreavus ’ s scared . misdreavus frightens them by screaming loudly or appearing suddenly .
misdreavus frightens people with a creepy , sobbing cry . the pokémon apparently uses misdreavus red spheres to absorb the fearful feelings of foes and turn them into nutrition .
a misdreavus frightens people with a creepy , sobbing cry . misdreavus apparently uses misdreavus red spheres to absorb the fear of foes as misdreavus nutrition .
misdreavus loves to sneak up on people late at night , then startle them with misdreavus shrieklike cry .
misdreavus gets nourishment from fear that misdreavus absorbs into misdreavus red orbs . in daytime , misdreavus sleeps in darkness .
a pokémon that startles people in the middle of the night . misdreavus gathers fear as misdreavus energy .
misdreavus likes playing mischievous tricks , such as screaming and wailing to startle people at night .
misdreavus will use any means necessary to frighten people and absorb their life energy . misdreavus practices constantly to hone misdreavus skill in causing fear .
if you hear a sobbing sound emanating from a vacant room , misdreavus ’ s undoubtedly a bit of mischief from misdreavus .
what gives meaning to misdreavus life is surprising others . if you set your ear against the red orbs around misdreavus neck , you can hear shrieking .
what makes misdreavus happy is imitating the voices of weeping people and scaring everyone . misdreavus doesn ’ t deal well with folks who aren ’ t easily frightened .
misdreavus loves to sneak up on people late at night and startle them with misdreavus shrieking cry .
misdreavus gets nourishment from fear that misdreavus absorbs into misdreavus red orbs . during the daytime , misdreavus sleeps in the shadows .
misdreavus conceals misdreavus in darkness , sending chills up travelers ’ spines with misdreavus childlike weeping . as misdreavus observes the frightened travelers with glee , the red orbs upon misdreavus chest let off an eerie light .
this pokémon startles people in the middle of the night . misdreavus gathers fear as misdreavus energy .
misdreavus mischievous
misdreavus naughty
misdreavus dream
misdreavus mental images seen during sleep
misdreavus reave
misdreavus rob , steal