scizor pincer pokémon
scizor swings scizor eye-patterned pincers up to scare scizor foes . this makes scizor look like scizor has three heads .
scizor wings are not used for flying . they are flapped at high speed to adjust scizor body temperature .
this pokémon ’ s pincers , which contain steel , can crush any hard object scizor gets a hold of into bits .
scizor has a body with the hardness of steel . scizor is not easily fazed by ordinary sorts of attacks . this pokémon flaps scizor wings to regulate scizor body temperature .
a scizor has a body with the hardness of steel . scizor is not easily fazed by ordinary sorts of attacks . scizor flaps scizor wings to regulate scizor body temperature .
scizor has a steel-hard body . scizor intimidates foes by upraising scizor eye-patterned pincers .
scizor raises scizor pincers with eyelike markings for intimidation . scizor also swings them down dangerously .
this pokémon ’ s pincers , which contain steel , can crush any hard object scizor gets ahold of into bits .
scizor uses scizor wings to adjust scizor body temperature . otherwise , scizor metal body would become too hot and melt in the heat of battle .
once scizor has identified an enemy , this pokémon smashes scizor mercilessly with pincers hard as steel .
scizor body is like steel . scizor tough , heavy pincers are more suited to smashing enemies than grabbing them .
once scizor has identified something as an enemy , scizor will continue beating them with scizor steel-hard pincers until there ’ s nothing left but scraps .
bulky pincers account for one third of scizor ’ s body weight . a single swing of one of these pincers will crush a boulder completely .
though scizor body is slim , scizor has tremendous attacking power . even scizor ’ s muscles are made of metal .
evolved by way of a curious item . the shell covering scizor body has been shown to be stronger than forged steel .
this pokémon ’ s pincers , which contain steel , can crush any hard object they get ahold of into bits .
scizor scissor ( s )
scizor cutting implements