heracross single horn pokémon
this powerful pokémon thrusts heracross prized horn under heracross enemies ’ bellies then lifts and throws them .
usually docile , but if disturbed while sipping honey , heracross chases off the intruder with heracross horn .
with heracross herculean powers , heracross can easily throw around an object that is 100 times heracross own weight .
heracross charges in a straight line at heracross foe , slips beneath the foe ’ s grasp , and then scoops up and hurls the opponent with heracross mighty horn . this pokémon even has enough power to topple a massive tree .
heracross has sharp claws on heracross feet . these are planted firmly into the ground or the bark of a tree , giving the pokémon a secure and solid footing to forcefully fling away foes with heracross proud horn .
this powerful pokémon thrusts heracross prized horn under heracross enemies ’ bellies , then lifts and throws them .
they gather in forests seeking the sweet sap of trees . heracross is completely clad in a steel-hard shell . heracross is proud of heracross horn , which heracross uses to fling foes .
heracross gathers in forests to search for tree sap , heracross favorite food . heracross ’ s strong enough to hurl foes .
with powerful legs and claws , heracross generates enough power to hurl foes over great distances .
heracross loves sweet honey . to keep all the honey to heracross , heracross hurls rivals away with heracross prized horn .
heracross is usually docile , but if heracross is disturbed while sipping honey , heracross chases off the intruder with heracross horn .
no matter how heavy heracross opponents , heracross flings them far away with heracross prized horn .
heracross ’ s proud of heracross thick horn . in alola , heracross biggest rival is vikavolt , which heracross ’ s always fighting with .
heracross roams through forests searching for sweet nectar . although heracross boasts fantastic physical strength , heracross ’ s not that good at flying .
heracross loves sweet sap and will go looking through forests for heracross . the pokémon uses heracross two antennae to pick up scents as heracross searches .
this pokémon takes pride in heracross strength , which allows heracross to lift things 100 times heavier than heracross with no trouble at all .
heracross powerful legs and claws give heracross enough power to hurl foes over great distances .
this pokémon has an unparalleled horn . heracross heracross demonstrates tremendous power — heracross ’ s capable of throwing several people trained in the traditional arts of war at once .
heracross loves sweet nectar . to keep all the nectar to heracross , heracross hurls rivals away with heracross prized horn .
heracross hercules
heracross a species of beetle , named after the greek/roman god ( aka heracles )
heracross cross
heracross intersecting lines