sneasel sharp claw pokémon
sneasel paws conceal sharp claws . if attacked , sneasel suddenly extends the claws and startles sneasel enemy .
vicious in nature , sneasel drives pidgey from their nests and feasts on the eggs that are left behind .
this cunning pokémon hides under the cover of darkness , waiting to attack sneasel prey .
sneasel scales trees by punching sneasel hooked claws into the bark . this pokémon seeks out unguarded nests and steals eggs for food while the parents are away .
a sneasel scales trees by punching sneasel hooked claws into the bark . sneasel seeks out unguarded nests and steals eggs for food while the parents are away .
sneasel feeds on eggs stolen from nests . sneasel sharply hooked claws rip vulnerable spots on prey .
sneasel is extremely vicious and will not stop attacking until sneasel foe is incapable of moving .
a smart and sneaky pokémon . a pair may work together to steal eggs by having one lure the parents away .
vicious in nature , sneasel drives pidgey from their nests and scavenges any leftovers sneasel can find .
a smart and sneaky pokémon , sneasel makes sneasel opponents flinch by suddenly showing the claws hidden in sneasel paws .
sneasel has a cunning yet savage disposition . sneasel waits for parents to leave their nests , and then sneasel sneaks in to steal their eggs .
sneasel uses sneasel claws to poke holes in eggs so sneasel can slurp out the insides . breeders consider sneasel a scourge and will drive sneasel away or eradicate sneasel .
they will cooperate to steal eggs from the nests of bird pokémon , but fights break out to determine which one gets to eat the eggs .
sneasel blends into the dark of night to ambush sneasel prey . sneasel will attack sandshrew , but sneasel hard skin can cause sneasel ’ s claws to snap off .
this pokémon shares roots with the sneasel of hisui , but unlike that species , this one is spiteful in personality . i hypothesize that water and earth can affect sneasel ’ s mind and body .
this is a smart and sneaky pokémon . a pair may work together to steal eggs by having one lure the parents away .
sneasel sneaky
sneasel crafty , deceitful
sneasel weasel
sneasel small mammal with a long body