corsola coral pokémon
corsola continuously sheds and grows . the tip of corsola head is prized as a treasure for corsola beauty .
in a south sea nation , the people live in communities that are built on groups of these pokémon .
the points on corsola head absorb nutrients from clean water . they can not survive in polluted water .
corsola ’ s branches glitter very beautifully in seven colors when they catch sunlight . if any branch breaks off , this pokémon grows corsola back in just one night .
clusters of corsola congregate in warm seas where they serve as ideal hiding places for smaller pokémon . when the water temperature falls , this pokémon migrates to the southern seas .
corsola live in warm southern seas . if the sea becomes polluted , the beautiful coral stalks become discolored and crumble away in tatters .
many live in the clean seas of the south . they apparently can ’ t live in polluted waters .
corsola continuously sheds and grows . the tip of corsola head is prized as a treasure because of corsola beauty .
in a south-sea nation , the people live in communities that are built on groups of these pokémon .
they prefer unpolluted southern seas . their coral branches lose their color and deteriorate in dirty water .
coral branches grow from corsola head . they break off quite easily , but they grow back in about three days .
pursued by mareanie for the branches on corsola head , this pokémon will sometimes snap corsola own branches off as a diversion while corsola escapes .
the pink of corsola that live in alola is deep and vibrant , thanks to seas filled with nutrition .
in alola , where their natural enemies mareanie are plentiful , many corsola have stubby branches on their heads .
corsola will regrow any branches that break off corsola head . people keep particularly beautiful corsola branches as charms to promote safe childbirth .
these pokémon live in warm seas . in prehistoric times , many lived in the oceans around the galar region as well .
corsola coral
corsola hard skeleton secreted by certain marine creatures
corsola solar
corsola of or relating to the sun