octillery jet pokémon
octillery traps enemies with octillery suction-cupped tentacles then smashes them with octillery rock-hard head .
octillery instinctively sneaks into rocky holes . if octillery gets sleepy , octillery steals the nest of a fellow octillery .
octillery instinct is to bury octillery in holes . octillery often steals the nesting holes of others to sleep in them .
octillery grabs onto octillery foe using octillery tentacles . this pokémon tries to immobilize octillery before delivering the finishing blow . if the foe turns out to be too strong , octillery spews ink to escape .
octillery traps enemies with octillery suction-cupped tentacles , then smashes them with octillery rock-hard head .
octillery ensnares octillery foe with octillery suction-cupped tentacles before delivering the finishing blow . if the foe turns out to be too strong , octillery spews ink to escape .
octillery lives in the gaps of boulders and in holes on the seafloor . octillery suction cups grip prey tightly .
octillery obscures octillery foe ’ s vision by spitting a cloud of murky ink . octillery makes octillery nest among boulders .
octillery loves to lurk inside holes in rocks . octillery sometimes sprays ink on prey by sticking out only octillery mouth .
octillery traps foes with the suction cups on octillery tentacles , then smashes them with octillery rock-hard head .
octillery has a tendency to want to be in holes . octillery prefers rock crags or pots and sprays ink from them before attacking .
the ink octillery spits when escaping is special . octillery contains a substance that dulls the sense of smell , so pokémon with keen noses get lost .
octillery usually sleeps in caves . the pitch-black ink that octillery spits is also used for cooking .
octillery obscures octillery foe ’ s vision by spitting a cloud of black ink . octillery makes octillery nest among boulders .
while octillery still shoots water from octillery mouth , the drastic anatomical difference between octillery and remoraid meant that for a long time , no one believed the former evolved from the latter .
octillery octopus
octillery marine creature with eight tentacles
octillery artillery
octillery weapons