skarmory armor bird pokémon
skarmory sturdy wings look heavy , but they are actually hollow and light , allowing skarmory to fly freely in the sky .
after nesting in bramble bushes , the wings of skarmory chicks grow hard from scratches by thorns .
the feathers that skarmory sheds are very sharp . skarmory is said that people once used the feathers as swords .
skarmory is entirely encased in hard , protective armor . this pokémon flies at close to 190 mph . skarmory slashes foes with skarmory wings that possess swordlike cutting edges .
skarmory ’ s steel wings become tattered and bashed in from repeated battles . once a year , the battered wings grow back completely , restoring the cutting edges to their pristine state .
skarmory sturdy wings look heavy , but skarmory bones are hollow and light , allowing skarmory to fly freely in the sky .
a pokémon that has a body and wings of steel . people in the past used feathers fallen from skarmory to make swords and knives .
despite being clad entirely in iron-hard armor , skarmory flies at speeds over 180 mph .
skarmory heavy-looking iron body is actually thin and light , so skarmory can fly at speeds over 180 mph .
skarmory feathers , which fall off as skarmory grows , are thin and sharp . in times long past , warriors used them as swords .
skarmory metal body is sturdy , but skarmory does rust rather easily . so on rainy days , this pokémon prefers to stay put in skarmory nest .
the wing feathers skarmory sheds can be processed and made into knives whose sharpness is recognized by the finest chefs .
skarmory body is draped in steel armor . skarmory looks heavy , but skarmory can fly at speeds of up to 185 miles an hour !
the pointed feathers of these pokémon are sharper than swords . skarmory and corviknight fight viciously over territory .
people fashion swords from skarmory ’ s shed feathers , so this pokémon is a popular element in heraldic designs .
skarmory is clad entirely in ironhard armor . skarmory flies at speeds over 180 mph .
skarmory sky
skarmory the air , where birds fly
skarmory armory
skarmory storage unit for weapons