porygon2 virtual pokémon
this upgraded version of porygon is designed for space exploration . porygon2 can ’ t fly , though .
further research enhanced porygon2 abilities . sometimes , porygon2 may exhibit motions that were not programmed .
this manmade pokémon evolved from the latest technology . porygon2 may have unprogrammed reactions .
porygon2 was created by humans using the power of science . the man-made pokémon has been endowed with artificial intelligence that enables porygon2 to learn new gestures and emotions on porygon2 own .
this upgraded version of porygon is designed for space exploration . however , porygon2 can ’ t even fly .
porygon2 was created by humans using the power of science . porygon2 has been given artificial intelligence that enables porygon2 to learn new gestures and emotions on porygon2 own .
with planetary development software installed , porygon2 became capable of working in space .
porygon2 was upgraded to enable the exploration of other planets . however , porygon2 failed to measure up .
this upgraded version of porygon is designed for space exploration . porygon2 can ’ t fly , however .
for the purposes of planetary development , porygon was updated with the most cutting-edge technology available .
porygon was updated to a new version in readiness for planetary development . but that dream remains unrealized as yet .
ai has been installed in porygon2 . porygon2 learns various things all on porygon2 own , but porygon2 even remembers things porygon2 doesn ’ t need to know .
even though porygon2 doesn ’ t die in the vacuum of space , porygon2 can ’ t move around very well in zero gravity .
this is a porygon that was updated with special data . porygon2 develops porygon2 by learning about many different subjects all on porygon2 own .
after artificial intelligence was implemented in porygon2 , the pokémon began using a strange language that only other porygon2 understand .
a bizarre item caused this pokémon to evolve . while porygon2 now exhibits many new gestures and expressions , porygon2 biology remains inscrutable .
porygon2 polygon
porygon2 a many sided figure
porygon2 two
porygon2 as in ‘ version 2 ’