elekid electric pokémon
elekid rotates elekid arms to generate electricity , but elekid tires easily , so elekid charges up only a little bit .
even in the most vicious storm , this pokémon plays happily if thunder rumbles in the sky .
elekid loves violent thunder . the space between elekid horns flickers bluish-white when elekid is charging energy .
elekid stores electricity in elekid body . if elekid touches metal and accidentally discharges all elekid built-up electricity , this pokémon begins swinging elekid arms in circles to recharge elekid .
if elekid touches metal and discharges the electricity elekid has stored in elekid body , an elekid begins swinging elekid arms in circles to recharge elekid .
elekid generates electricity by whirling elekid arms . however , elekid can ’ t store the energy elekid makes .
a weak electric current flows between elekid horns . sticking a hand there shocks the unwary .
elekid rotates elekid arms to generate electricity , but elekid tires easily , so elekid only charges up a little bit .
spinning elekid arms around to generate electricity makes the area between elekid horns shine light blue .
when elekid ’ s in a house , electrical outlets serve as elekid baby bottles . elekid sucks down electricity .
this pokémon is constantly fighting with togedemaru that try to steal elekid electricity . elekid ’ s a pretty even match .
when elekid hears the crash of thunder , elekid ’ s mood improves . elekid can be useful to record that sound and play elekid when elekid ’ s feeling down .
when elekid horns shine a bluish white , that ’ s the sign elekid ’ s fully charged . you ’ ll get a shocking jolt if you touch elekid !
when a storm approaches , this pokémon gets restless . once elekid hears the sound of thunder , elekid gets full-on rowdy .
elekid ’ s not good at storing electricity yet . this pokémon sneaks into people ’ s homes , looking for electrical outlets to eat electricity from .
they generate electricity by spinning their arms . during a thunderstorm , if one hears the lively voices of children out in the wilderness , what one is actually hearing are the voices of elekid .
elekid electricity
elekid energy from electric currents
elekid kid
elekid a child