magby live coal pokémon
each and every time magby inhales and exhales , hot embers dribble out of magby mouth and nostrils .
magby is found in volcanic craters . magby body temp . is over 1100 degrees , so don ’ t underestimate magby .
magby naturally spits an 1100-degree flame . magby is said when many appear , magby heralds a volcanic eruption .
magby ’ s state of health is determined by observing the fire magby breathes . if the pokémon is spouting yellow flames from magby mouth , magby is in good health . when magby is fatigued , black smoke will be mixed in with the flames .
magby is found in volcanic craters . magby body heat exceeds 1,100 degrees fahrenheit , so don ’ t underestimate magby .
if a magby is spouting yellow flames from magby mouth , magby is in good health . when magby is fatigued , black smoke will be mixed in with the flames .
magby body temperature is around 1,100 degrees f. magby is healthy if magby is breathing yellow flames .
magby magma-like blood circulates throughout magby body . magby body ’ s heat can top 1,100 degrees f .
each and every time magby inhales and exhales , hot embers dribble from magby mouth and nostrils .
magby is found in volcanic craters . magby body temperature is over 1,100 degrees fahrenheit , so don ’ t underestimate magby .
magby ’ s small , but magby body temperature is over 1,100 degrees f. embers escape magby mouth and nose when magby breathes .
magby ’ s small , but magby body temperature is over 1,100 degrees fahrenheit . embers escape magby mouth and nose when magby breathes .
magby magma-like blood circulates throughout magby body . magby body ’ s heat can top 1,100 degrees fahrenheit .
many of these pokémon can be seen in areas with volcanic activity . feeding can get them so excited , they exhale flames of 1,100 degrees f .
a famous potter lives with a magby . apparently magby soft flames produce fine works .
when flames drip from magby nose , that means magby has a cold . have magby lie down for a nice rest in some magma .
magby body temperature is always around 1,100 degrees fahrenheit . if magby falls into a small- enough pond , the whole thing will dry up .
this pokémon is still small and timid . whenever magby gets excited or surprised , flames leak from magby mouth and magby nose .
this pokémon makes magby home near volcanoes . at the end of the day , magby soaks in magma , resting and recovering from the day ’ s fatigue .
magby body temperature is around 1,100 degrees fahrenheit . magby is healthy if magby is exhaling yellow flames .
this pokémon lives in volcanic areas . with each breath , sparks spurt from magby mouth and nose . when magby is in good health , magby flames gain a yellow tint .
magby magma
magby the melted rock in a volcano
magby baby
magby newborn child