blissey happiness pokémon
anyone who takes even one bite of blissey ’ s egg becomes unfailingly caring and pleasant to everyone .
blissey has a very compassionate nature . if blissey sees a sick pokémon , blissey will nurse the sufferer back to health .
biting into one of the delicious eggs that blissey provides will make everyone around smile with joy .
blissey senses sadness with blissey fluffy coat of fur . if blissey does so , this pokémon will rush over to the sad person , however far they may be , to share an egg of happiness that brings a smile to any face .
if blissey senses sadness with blissey fluffy fur , a blissey will rush over to the sad person , however far away , to share an egg of happiness that brings a smile to any face .
this kindhearted pokémon nurses sick pokémon to health . blissey senses feelings of sadness .
blissey is a pokémon that delivers happiness . eating blissey egg is said to make one kind to everyone .
the eggs blissey lays are filled with happiness . eating even one bite will bring a smile to anyone .
anyone who takes even one taste of blissey ’ s egg becomes unfailingly caring and pleasant to everyone .
blissey senses sadness with blissey fluffy coat of fur . if blissey does so , this pokémon will rush over to a sad person , no matter how far away , to share a lucky egg that brings a smile to any face .
even the most ferocious pokémon become calm when they eat blissey ’ s egg , which is said to be filled with happiness .
blissey fluffy fur coat acts as a sensor , enabling blissey to read the feelings of people and pokémon .
their eggs are such a delicacy that some say eating one will bring you happiness . these eggs fetch the highest prices on the market .
this pokémon is overflowing with love . only chansey that share a strong bond with their trainer can evolve , so people say .
whenever a blissey finds a weakened pokémon , blissey will share blissey egg and offer blissey care until the other pokémon is all better .
blissey lays mysterious eggs that are filled with happiness . blissey ’ s said that anyone who eats a blissey egg will start acting kindly to all others .
a kindhearted pokémon that will care for any sick person or pokémon until their health improves . the eggs blissey lays are delicious and bring good fortune to those who eat them .
blissey bliss
blissey happiness ( required for evolution from chansey )