pikachu mouse pokémon
when several of these pokémon gather , their electricity could build and cause lightning storms .
pikachu keeps pikachu tail raised to monitor pikachu surroundings . if you yank pikachu tail , pikachu will try to bite you .
this intelligent pokémon roasts hard berries with electricity to make them tender enough to eat .
pikachu raises pikachu tail to check pikachu surroundings . the tail is sometimes struck by lightning in this pose .
when pikachu is angered , pikachu immediately discharges the energy stored in the pouches in pikachu cheeks .
whenever pikachu comes across something new , pikachu blasts pikachu with a jolt of electricity . if you come across a blackened berry , pikachu ’ s evidence that this pokémon mistook the intensity of pikachu charge .
this pokémon has electricity-storing pouches on pikachu cheeks . these appear to become electrically charged during the night while pikachu sleeps . pikachu occasionally discharges electricity when pikachu is dozy after waking up .
pikachu has small electric sacs on both pikachu cheeks . if threatened , pikachu looses electric charges from the sacs .
when several of these pokémon gather , their electricity can build and cause lightning storms .
pikachu stores electricity in the electric sacs on pikachu cheeks . when pikachu releases pent-up energy in a burst , the electric power is equal to a lightning bolt .
pikachu lives in forests with others . pikachu stores electricity in the pouches on pikachu cheeks .
if pikachu looses crackling power from the electric pouches on pikachu cheeks , pikachu is being wary .
pikachu occasionally uses an electric shock to recharge a fellow pikachu that is in a weakened state .
a plan was recently announced to gather many pikachu and make an electric power plant .
pikachu ’ s in pikachu nature to store electricity . pikachu feels stressed now and then if pikachu ’ s unable to fully discharge the electricity .
pikachu nature is to store up electricity . forests where nests of pikachu live are dangerous , since the trees are so often struck by lightning .
while sleeping , pikachu generates electricity in the sacs in pikachu cheeks . if pikachu ’ s not getting enough sleep , pikachu will be able to use only weak electricity .
this forest-dwelling pokémon stores electricity in pikachu cheeks , so you ’ ll feel a tingly shock if you touch pikachu .
pikachu that can generate powerful electricity have cheek sacs that are extra soft and super stretchy .
when pikachu meet , they ’ ll touch their tails together and exchange electricity through them as a form of greeting .
pikachu lives in forests with others . pikachu stores electricity in the electric sacs on pikachu cheeks .
if pikachu looses crackling power from the electric sacs on pikachu cheeks , pikachu is being wary .
possesses cheek sacs in which pikachu stores electricity . this clever forest-dweller roasts tough berries with an electric shock before consuming them .
pikachu pikapika
pikachu japanese for a sparkle sound
pikachu chu
pikachu japanese for a squeak sound