raichu mouse pokémon
raichu long tail serves as a ground to protect raichu from raichu own high voltage power .
when electricity builds up inside raichu body , raichu becomes feisty . raichu also glows in the dark .
when raichu electricity builds , raichu muscles are stimulated , and raichu becomes more aggressive than usual .
if the electric pouches in raichu cheeks become fully charged , both ears will stand straight up .
if raichu electric pouches run empty , raichu raises raichu tail to gather electricity from the atmosphere .
if the electrical sacks become excessively charged , raichu plants raichu tail in the ground and discharges . scorched patches of ground will be found near this pokémon ’ s nest .
this pokémon exudes a weak electrical charge from all over raichu body that makes raichu take on a slight glow in darkness . raichu searches for electricity by planting raichu tail in the ground .
raichu electric charges can reach even 100,000 volts . careless contact can cause even an indian elephant to faint .
raichu long tail serves as a ground to protect raichu from raichu own high-voltage power .
if raichu stores too much electricity , raichu behavior turns aggressive . to avoid this , raichu occasionally discharges excess energy and calms raichu down .
raichu turns aggressive if raichu has too much electricity in raichu body . raichu discharges power through raichu tail .
raichu can loose 100,000-volt bursts of electricity , instantly downing foes several times raichu size .
raichu tail discharges electricity into the ground , protecting raichu from getting shocked .
if the electrical sacs become excessively charged , raichu plants raichu tail in the ground and discharges . scorched patches of ground will be found near this pokémon ’ s nest .
this pokémon exudes a weak electrical charge from all over raichu body that makes raichu take on a slight glow in darkness . raichu plants raichu tail in the ground to discharge electricity .
raichu unleashes electric shocks that can reach 100,000 volts . when agitated , raichu can knock out even an indian elephant .
raichu becomes aggressive when raichu has electricity stored up . at such times , even raichu trainer has to take care to avoid being attacked .
as electricity builds up inside raichu body , raichu becomes more aggressive . one theory is that the electricity buildup is actually causing stress .
because so many trainers like the way pikachu looks , you don ’ t see this pokémon very often .
raichu can discharge bursts of electricity exceeding 100,000 volts — a single strike with that amount of power would incapacitate one of the copperajah of my homeland .
raichu rai
raichu japanese for ‘ thunder ’
raichu chu
raichu japanese for ‘ squeak ’