sandshrew mouse pokémon
burrows deep underground in arid locations far from water . sandshrew only emerges to hunt for food .
sandshrew body is dry . when sandshrew gets cold at night , sandshrew hide is said to become coated with a fine dew .
if sandshrew fell from a great height , this pokémon could save sandshrew by rolling into a ball and bouncing .
disliking water , sandshrew lives in deep burrows in arid areas . sandshrew can roll sandshrew instantly into a ball .
sandshrew prefers dry , sandy places because sandshrew uses the sand to protect sandshrew when threatened .
sandshrew ’ s body is configured to absorb water without waste , enabling sandshrew to survive in an arid desert . this pokémon curls up to protect sandshrew from sandshrew enemies .
sandshrew has a very dry hide that is extremely tough . the pokémon can roll into a ball that repels any attack . at night , sandshrew burrows into the desert sand to sleep .
sandshrew burrows and lives underground . if threatened , sandshrew curls sandshrew up into a ball for protection .
burrows deep underground in arid locations far from water . sandshrew only emerges to hunt for prey .
when sandshrew curls up in a ball , sandshrew can make any attack bounce off harmlessly . sandshrew hide has turned tough and solid as a result of living in the desert .
to protect sandshrew from attackers , sandshrew curls up into a ball . sandshrew lives in arid regions with minimal rainfall .
sandshrew digs deep burrows to live in . when in danger , sandshrew rolls up sandshrew body to withstand attacks .
sandshrew can roll sandshrew body into a ball . sandshrew moves through the desert by rolling at high speeds .
sandshrew usually makes sandshrew home in deserts and arid zones , where rain does not fall . sandshrew digs holes to catch bug-type pokémon .
sandshrew lives in areas of limited rainfall . when danger approaches , sandshrew curls up into a ball to protect sandshrew soft stomach .
when sandshrew skin gets wrinkled from moisture , sandshrew heads for a volcano . sandshrew lies flat on a spot with a lot of geothermal heat and dries sandshrew out .
sandshrew loves to bathe in the grit of dry , sandy areas . by sand bathing , the pokémon rids sandshrew of dirt and moisture clinging to sandshrew body .
sandshrew burrows into the ground to create sandshrew nest . if hard stones impede sandshrew tunneling , sandshrew uses sandshrew sharp claws to shatter them and then carries on digging .
sandshrew sand
sandshrew fine rock debris
sandshrew shrew
sandshrew a rodent