sandslash mouse pokémon
curls up into a spiny ball when threatened . sandslash can roll while curled up to attack or escape .
sandslash is skilled at slashing enemies with sandslash claws . if broken , they start to grow back in a day .
in an attempt to hide sandslash , sandslash will run around at top speed to kick up a blinding dust storm .
if sandslash digs at an incredible pace , sandslash may snap off sandslash spikes and claws . they grow back in a day .
adept at climbing trees , sandslash rolls into a spiny ball , then attacks sandslash enemies from above .
sandslash ’ s body is covered by tough spikes , which are hardened sections of sandslash hide . once a year , the old spikes fall out , to be replaced with new spikes that grow out from beneath the old ones .
sandslash can roll up sandslash body as if sandslash were a ball covered with large spikes . in battle , this pokémon will try to make the foe flinch by jabbing sandslash with sandslash spines . sandslash then leaps at the stunned foe to tear wildly with sandslash sharp claws .
sandslash is adept at attacking with the spines on sandslash back and sandslash sharp claws while quickly scurrying about .
sandslash curls up in a ball to protect sandslash from enemy attacks . sandslash also curls up to prevent heatstroke during the daytime when temperatures rise sharply .
sandslash curls up , then rolls into foes with sandslash back . sandslash sharp spines inflict severe damage .
the spikes on sandslash body are made up of sandslash hardened hide . sandslash rolls up and attacks foes with sandslash spikes .
although they are sharp , sandslash claws and spikes often break off . they grow back the next day , so sandslash is not bothered by the temporary loss .
sandslash uses sandslash claws to climb trees and then curls sandslash body into a spiny ball , ready to drop onto any prey that appears .
sandslash claws and horns often break off . the broken claws and horns can be used to carve plows for tilling farm fields .
thanks to sandslash thick claws , sandslash ’ s good at climbing trees . there are plenty of sandslash that park themselves in trees and go right to sleep .
the drier the area sandslash lives in , the harder and smoother the pokémon ’ s spikes will feel when touched .
sandslash climbs trees by hooking on with sandslash sharp claws . sandslash shares the berries sandslash gathers , dropping them down to sandshrew waiting below the tree .
sandslash sand
sandslash fine rock debris
sandslash slash
sandslash to swipe