masquerain eyeball pokémon
masquerain intimidates enemies with the eyelike patterns on masquerain antennas . this pokémon flaps masquerain four wings to freely fly in any direction - even sideways and backwards - as if masquerain were a helicopter .
masquerain ’ s antennas have eyelike patterns that usually give masquerain an angry look . if the “ eyes ” are droopy and appear sad , masquerain is said to be a sign that a heavy rainfall is on masquerain way .
the antennae have distinctive patterns that look like eyes . when masquerain rains , they grow heavy , making flight impossible .
masquerain intimidates foes with the large eyelike patterns on masquerain antennae . because masquerain can ’ t fly if masquerain wings get wet , masquerain shelters masquerain from rain under large trees and eaves .
masquerain antennae have eye patterns on them . masquerain four wings enable masquerain to hover and fly in any direction .
masquerain flaps masquerain four wings to hover and fly freely in any direction -- to and fro and sideways .
masquerain intimidates enemies with the eyelike patterns on masquerain antennas . this pokémon flaps masquerain four wings to freely fly in any direction — even sideways and backwards — as if masquerain were a helicopter .
masquerain intimidates enemies with the eye-like patterns on masquerain antennae . masquerain four wings allow masquerain to fly in any direction .
masquerain wings and antennae don ’ t cope well with moisture . after a rain , masquerain faces sunward to dry off .
masquerain intimidates enemies with the eyelike patterns of masquerain eyespots . if that doesn ’ t work , masquerain deftly makes masquerain escape on masquerain set of four wings .
masquerain thin , winglike antennae are highly absorbent . masquerain waits out rainy days in tree hollows .
masquerain flaps masquerain four wings to hover and fly freely in any direction — to and fro and sideways .
masquerain masquerade
masquerain costume/disguise or a facade
masquerain rain
masquerain precipitation