nidoran♀ (female) poison pin pokémon
although small , nidoran♀ (female) venomous barbs render this pokémon dangerous . the female has smaller horns .
a mild-mannered pokémon that does not like to fight . beware , nidoran♀ (female) small horns secrete venom .
the poison hidden in nidoran♀ (female) small horn is extremely potent . even a tiny scratch can have fatal results .
although not very combative , nidoran♀ (female) will torment nidoran♀ (female) foes with poison spikes if nidoran♀ (female) is threatened in any way .
small and very docile , nidoran♀ (female) protects nidoran♀ (female) with nidoran♀ (female) small , poisonous horn when attacked .
nidoran has barbs that secrete a powerful poison . they are thought to have developed as protection for this small-bodied pokémon . when enraged , nidoran♀ (female) releases a horrible toxin from nidoran♀ (female) horn .
though small , nidoran♀ (female) must be treated with caution because of nidoran♀ (female) powerfully toxic barbs . the female has smaller horns .
nidoran♀ (female) highly toxic barbs are thought to have developed as protection for this small-bodied pokémon . when enraged , nidoran♀ (female) releases a horrible toxin from nidoran♀ (female) horn .
while nidoran♀ (female) does not prefer to fight , even one drop of the poison nidoran♀ (female) secretes from barbs can be fatal .
nidoran♀ has barbs that secrete a powerful poison . they are thought to have developed as protection for this small-bodied pokémon . when enraged , nidoran♀ (female) releases a horrible toxin from nidoran♀ (female) horn .
a mild-mannered pokémon that does not like to fight . beware — nidoran♀ (female) small horn secretes venom .
females are more sensitive to smells than males . while foraging , they ’ ll use their whiskers to check wind direction and stay downwind of predators .
nidoran♀ (female) uses nidoran♀ (female) hard incisor teeth to crush and eat berries . the tip of a female nidoran ’ s horn is a bit more rounded than the tip of a male ’ s horn .
while this pokémon does not prefer to fight , even one drop of the venom nidoran♀ (female) secretes from nidoran♀ (female) barbs can be fatal .
nidoran♀ (female) nidoru
nidoran♀ (female) japanese for ‘ needle ’
nidoran♀ (female) rhino
nidoran♀ (female) large african mammal
nidoran♀ (female) ♀
nidoran♀ (female) female symbol