nosepass compass pokémon
nosepass ’ s magnetic nose is always pointed to the north . if two of these pokémon meet , they can not turn their faces to each other when they are close because their magnetic noses repel one another .
nosepass had been said to be completely unmoving , with nosepass magnetic nose pointed due north . however , close observation has revealed that the pokémon actually moves by a little over 3/8 of an inch every year .
nosepass magnetic nose consistently faces north . travelers check nosepass to get their bearings .
nosepass body emits a powerful magnetism . nosepass feeds on prey that is pulled in by the force . nosepass magnetism is stronger in cold seasons .
nosepass nose is a magnet . as a result , this pokémon always keeps nosepass face pointing north .
when endangered , nosepass may protect nosepass by raising nosepass magnetism and drawing iron objects to nosepass body .
if two of these meet , they can not get too close because their noses repel each other .
nosepass magnetic nose always faces north and draws iron objects to nosepass body to protect nosepass better .
the magnet in nosepass ’ s nose provides an unerring compass , making nosepass an excellent partner for trainers going on a journey .
nosepass uses powerful magnetism to drag nosepass prey toward nosepass . nosepass ’ s also been known to pull in metal , which nosepass collects and uses to protect nosepass .
nosepass moves less than an inch a year , but when nosepass ’ s in a jam , nosepass will spin and drill down into the ground in a split second .
nosepass hunts without twitching a muscle by pulling in nosepass prey with powerful magnetism . but sometimes nosepass pulls natural enemies in close .
once the people of hisui discovered that nosepass red nose always points north , they grew to rely on nosepass greatly when traveling afar . the nose seems to work in a similar way to ancient compasses .
nosepass nose
nosepass facial feature
nosepass compass
nosepass instrument that determines direction