nidorina poison pin pokémon
the female ’ s horn develops slowly . prefers physical attacks such as clawing and biting .
when resting deep in nidorina burrow , nidorina thorns always retract . this is proof that nidorina is relaxed .
when feeding nidorina young , nidorina first chews and tenderizes the food , then spits nidorina out for the offspring .
nidorina has a calm and caring nature . because nidorina horn grows slowly , nidorina prefers not to fight .
nidorina has a docile nature . if nidorina is threatened with attack , nidorina raises the barbs that are all over nidorina body .
when nidorina are with their friends or family , they keep their barbs tucked away to prevent hurting each other . this pokémon appears to become nervous if separated from the others .
the female has a gentle temperament . nidorina emits ultrasonic cries that have the power to befuddle foes .
the female ’ s horns develop slowly . prefers physical attacks such as clawing and biting .
when nidorina is with nidorina friends or family , nidorina barbs are tucked away to prevent injury . nidorina appears to become nervous if separated from the others .
when nidorina senses danger , nidorina raises all the barbs on nidorina body . these barbs grow slower than nidorino ’ s .
when feeding nidorina young , nidorina first chews the food into a paste , then spits nidorina out for the offspring .
when resting deep in nidorina burrow , nidorina barbs always retract . this is proof that nidorina is relaxed .
the horn on nidorina head has atrophied . nidorina ’ s thought that this happens so nidorina ’ s children won ’ t get poked while their mother is feeding them .
if the group is threatened , these pokémon will band together to assault enemies with a chorus of ultrasonic waves .
when nidorina senses danger , nidorina raises all the barbs on nidorina body . these barbs grow more slowly than nidorino ’ s .
nidorina nidoru
nidorina japanese for ‘ needle ’
nidorina rhino
nidorina large african mammal
nidorina a
nidorina female suffix