nidoran♂ (male) poison pin pokémon
stiffens nidoran♂ (male) ears to sense danger . the larger nidoran♂ (male) horns , the more powerful nidoran♂ (male) secreted venom .
nidoran♂ (male) large ears are always kept upright . if nidoran♂ (male) senses danger , nidoran♂ (male) will attack with a poisonous sting .
nidoran♂ (male) is small , but nidoran♂ (male) horn is filled with poison . nidoran♂ (male) charges then stabs with the horn to inject poison .
nidoran♂ (male) raises nidoran♂ (male) big ears to check nidoran♂ (male) surroundings . nidoran♂ (male) will strike first if nidoran♂ (male) senses any danger .
nidoran♂ (male) constantly moves nidoran♂ (male) large ears in many directions in order to detect danger right away .
the male nidoran has developed muscles for moving nidoran♂ (male) ears . thanks to them , the ears can be freely moved in any direction . even the slightest sound does not escape this pokémon ’ s notice .
nidoran♂ (male) large ears are flapped like wings when nidoran♂ (male) is listening to distant sounds . nidoran♂ (male) extends toxic barbs when angered .
nidoran♂ (male) stiffens nidoran♂ (male) ears to sense danger . the larger nidoran♂ (male) horns , the more powerful nidoran♂ (male) secreted venom .
the male nidoran has developed muscles that freely move nidoran♂ (male) ears in any direction . even the slightest sound does not escape this pokémon ’ s notice .
nidoran♂ (male) scans nidoran♂ (male) surroundings by raising nidoran♂ (male) ears out of the grass . nidoran♂ (male) toxic horn is for protection .
nidoran♂ has developed muscles for moving nidoran♂ (male) ears . thanks to them , the ears can be freely moved in any direction . even the slightest sound does not escape this pokémon ’ s notice .
the horn on a male nidoran ’ s forehead contains a powerful poison . this is a very cautious pokémon , always straining nidoran♂ (male) large ears .
small but brave , this pokémon will hold nidoran♂ (male) ground and even risk nidoran♂ (male) life in battle to protect the female nidoran♂ (male) ’ s friendly with .
nidoran♂ (male) nidoru
nidoran♂ (male) japanese for ‘ needle ’
nidoran♂ (male) rhino
nidoran♂ (male) large african mammal
nidoran♂ (male) ♂
nidoran♂ (male) male symbol