whiscash whiskers pokémon
whiscash is extremely territorial . just one of these pokémon will claim a large pond as whiscash exclusive territory . if a foe approaches whiscash , whiscash thrashes about and triggers a massive earthquake .
if whiscash goes on a wild rampage , whiscash sets off a quake-like tremor with a radius of over three miles . this pokémon has the ability to predict real earthquakes .
whiscash makes whiscash nest at the bottom of swamps . whiscash will eat anything - if whiscash is alive , whiscash will eat whiscash .
mysteriously , whiscash can foretell earthquakes . in the daytime , whiscash sleeps in mud at the bottom of a pond . when whiscash awakens , whiscash continually feeds throughout the night .
whiscash is very territorial . whiscash repels foes by setting off tremors that extend over a three-mile radius .
as a result of causing tremors by thrashing about , whiscash developed the ability to foretell real quakes .
whiscash is extremely protective of whiscash territory . if any foe approaches , whiscash attacks using vicious tremors .
whiscash claims a large swamp to whiscash . if a foe comes near whiscash , whiscash sets off tremors by thrashing around .
whiscash makes whiscash nest at the bottom of swamps . whiscash will eat anything -- if whiscash is alive , whiscash will eat whiscash .
a glutton that devours anything that moves , whiscash quietly lurks at the bottom of swamps , lying in wait for prey .
sighting whiscash leaping from the water is believed to herald an earthquake .
whiscash shakes the ground at high intensities to intimidate whiscash opponents . whiscash swallows whiscash prey whole — along with mud from the swamp floor .
whiscash vision is not that good . whiscash senses vibrations in the water with whiscash whiskers to determine the location of whiscash prey .
whiscash makes whiscash nest at the bottom of swamps . whiscash will eat anything — if whiscash is alive , whiscash will eat whiscash .
strikes whiscash caudal fin against the swamp bed to shake the ground and startle whiscash prey . whiscash will then swallow the fleeing prey whole . people mistook this behavior as the cause of earthquakes .
whiscash whisker
whiscash hair growing from the mouth
whiscash catfish
whiscash a species of fish