absol disaster pokémon
every time absol appears before people , absol is followed by a disaster such as an earthquake or a tidal wave . as a result , absol came to be known as the disaster pokémon .
absol has the ability to foretell the coming of natural disasters . absol lives in a harsh , rugged mountain environment . this pokémon very rarely ventures down from the mountains .
absol appears when absol senses an impending natural disaster . as a result , absol was mistaken as a doom-bringer .
absol sharply senses even subtle changes in the sky and the land to predict natural disasters . absol is a long-lived pokémon that has a life-span of 100 years .
absol senses coming disasters and appears before people only to warn them of impending danger .
rumored to sense disasters with absol horn , absol became a target . absol fled deep into the mountains .
absol has the ability to foretell natural disasters . absol life span is over a hundred years .
absol appears from deep in the mountains to warn people about upcoming disasters absol has sensed with absol horn .
absol appears when absol senses an impending natural disaster . as a result , absol was mistaken as a doom bringer .
long ago , superstitions were spread about absol , saying absol brought disaster . this fed a hatred of absol , and absol was driven deep into the mountains .
although absol ’ s said to bring disaster , in actuality , this pokémon possesses a calm disposition and warns people of any crises that loom .
the only thing unlucky about absol is absol appearance . absol protects fields and warns people of disaster , so one ought to be grateful for absol .
the elderly call absol the disaster pokémon and detest absol , but interest in absol power to predict disasters is on the rise .
swift as the wind , absol races through fields and mountains . absol curved , bow-like horn is acutely sensitive to the warning signs of natural disasters .
because of this pokémon ’ s ability to detect danger , people mistook absol as a bringer of doom .
absol absolution
absol freeing oneself from guilt