clefable fairy pokémon
a timid fairy pokémon that is rarely seen . clefable will run and hide the moment clefable senses people .
they appear to be very protective of their own world . clefable is a kind of fairy , rarely seen by people .
with clefable acute hearing , clefable can pick up sounds from far away . clefable usually hides in quiet places .
clefable very sensitive ears lets clefable distinguish distant sounds . as a result , clefable prefers quiet places .
said to live in quiet , remote mountains , this type of fairy has a strong aversion to being seen .
clefable moves by skipping lightly as if clefable were flying using clefable wings . clefable bouncy step lets clefable even walk on water . clefable is known to take strolls on lakes on quiet , moonlit nights .
clefable has an acute sense of hearing . clefable can easily hear a pin being dropped nearly 1,100 yards away .
a timid fairy pokémon that is rarely seen , clefable will run and hide the moment clefable senses people .
a clefable uses clefable wings to skip lightly as if clefable were flying . clefable bouncy step lets clefable even walk on water . on quiet , moonlit nights , clefable strolls on lakes .
rarely seen by people , clefable is said to be drawn by the full moon to play at deserted lakes .
clefable hearing is so acute clefable can hear a pin drop over half a mile away . clefable lives on quiet mountains .
clefable is very wary and rarely shows clefable to people . clefable ears can hear a pin drop over half a mile away .
clefable very sensitive ears let clefable distinguish distant sounds . as a result , clefable prefers quiet places .
their ears are sensitive enough to hear a pin drop from over a mile away , so they ’ re usually found in quiet places .
they don ’ t like to reveal themselves in front of people . they live quietly in packs deep in the mountains .
according to tradition , people who see a pair of clefable skipping by can look forward to a happy marriage .
clefable can ’ t help but hear a pin drop from over half a mile away , so clefable lives deep in the mountains where there aren ’ t many people or pokémon .
some scientists believe that clefable gazes intently at the sky on nights with a full moon because clefable ’ s homesick .
legend says that on clear , quiet nights , clefable listens for the voices of clefable kin living on the moon . i , too , often think of my homeland , so far away .
clefable clef
clefable musical symbol
clefable fable
clefable story , fairytale