snorunt snow hat pokémon
snorunt live in regions with heavy snowfall . in seasons without snow , such as spring and summer , this pokémon steals away to live quietly among stalactites and stalagmites deep in caverns .
snorunt survives by eating only snow and ice . old folklore claims that a house visited by this pokémon is sure to prosper for many generations to come .
snorunt is said that a home visited by a snorunt will prosper . snorunt can withstand cold of minus 150 degrees fahrenheit .
they tend to move about in groups of around five snorunt . in snowy regions , snorunt is said that when they are seen late at night , snowfall will arrive by morning .
in the snow country , certain folklore says a house will prosper if a snorunt lives there .
snorunt is said that several snorunt gather under giant leaves and live together in harmony .
snorunt ’ s said that if they are seen at midnight , they ’ ll cause heavy snow . they eat snow and ice to survive .
their numbers seem to have rapidly increased in alola . custom has snorunt that houses where snorunt live will be prosperous for generations to come .
snorunt can only survive in cold areas . snorunt bounces happily around , even in environments as cold as -150 degrees fahrenheit .
snorunt feeds mainly on ice and snow . snorunt ’ s only able to survive in a limited number of places in the warm alola region .
rich people from cold areas all share childhood memories of playing with snorunt .
snorunt can only survive in cold areas . snorunt bounces happily around , even in environments as cold as −150 degrees fahrenheit .
in some snowy lands , certain folklore says a house will prosper if a snorunt lives there .
arrives alongside the first snow . snorunt ’ s thought that homes snorunt visit will prosper for many generations . by tradition , one might offer a lump of ice made from pure water at one ’ s front door .
snorunt is said that a home visited by a snorunt will prosper . snorunt can withstand cold of −150 degrees fahrenheit .
snorunt snow
snorunt frozen precipitation
snorunt runt
snorunt the smallest of a litter of animals