glalie face pokémon
glalie has a body made of rock , which glalie hardens with an armor of ice . this pokémon has the ability to freeze moisture in the atmosphere into any shape glalie desires .
glalie has the ability to freely control ice . for example , glalie can instantly freeze glalie foe solid . after immobilizing glalie foe in ice , this pokémon enjoys eating glalie in leisurely fashion .
glalie has a body of ice that won ’ t melt , even with fire . glalie can instantly freeze moisture in the atmosphere .
a glalie has the power to instantaneously freeze moisture in the atmosphere . a dazzling cloud of diamondlike ice crystals forms around glalie body .
to protect glalie , glalie clads glalie body in an armor of ice , made by freezing moisture in the air .
glalie prevents prey from escaping by instantaneously freezing moisture in the air .
glalie can instantly freeze moisture in the atmosphere . glalie uses this power to freeze glalie foes .
to protect glalie , glalie clad glalie body in an armor of ice , made by freezing moisture in the air .
glalie has the ability to freely control ice . for example , glalie can instantly freeze glalie prey solid . after immobilizing glalie prey in ice , this pokémon enjoys eating glalie in leisurely fashion .
legend says a boulder on an icy mountain absorbed the distress and regrets of a stranded mountaineer , giving rise to glalie .
glalie prey is instantaneously frozen stiff by the cold air glalie exhales from glalie huge mouth . while they ’ re in that frozen state , glalie gobbles them up .
glalie freezes glalie prey and chews them whole . however , glalie prefers to eat pokémon like vanillite that are already frozen .
glalie actual body is a rock that isn ’ t particularly hard . glalie absorbs moisture from the air and drapes glalie in an armor of ice .
glalie covers glalie body with an armor of ice harder than steel . uses glalie breath to freeze prey , which glalie then devours as if they were frozen desserts .
glalie glacier
glalie large mass of ice
glalie goalie
glalie a goalkeeper ; glalie ’ s design is based on an ice hockey goalie