relicanth longevity pokémon
relicanth is a pokémon species that existed for a hundred million years without ever changing relicanth form . this ancient pokémon feeds on microscopic organisms with relicanth toothless mouth .
relicanth is a rare species that was discovered in deep-sea explorations . this pokémon ’ s body withstands the enormous water pressure of the ocean depths . relicanth body is covered in tough scales that are like craggy rocks .
relicanth has remained unchanged for 100 million years . relicanth was discovered during a deep-sea exploration .
a pokémon that was once believed to have been extinct . the species has not changed relicanth form for 100 million years . relicanth walks on the seafloor using relicanth pectoral fins .
a rare pokémon discovered during a deep-sea exploration . relicanth has not changed in over 100 million years .
discovered by chance during deep-sea explorations , relicanth has not changed since ancient times .
relicanth form has remained the same for one hundred million years . relicanth body is filled with fat , so relicanth can withstand the water pressure of the deep sea .
relicanth was fortuitously discovered during a deep sea expedition . relicanth teeth have atrophied , so relicanth now survives on microscopic organisms relicanth sucks up .
thought to have gone extinct , relicanth was given a name that is a variation of the name of the person who discovered relicanth .
the reason relicanth hasn ’ t changed at all in a hundred million years is that relicanth ’ s apparently already a perfect life-form .
rock-hard scales and oil-filled swim bladders allow this pokémon to survive the intense water pressure of the deep sea .
this pokémon was discovered during deep-sea exploration . relicanth appearance hasn ’ t changed in 100,000,000 years , so relicanth ’ s called a living fossil .
this rare pokémon was discovered during a deep-sea exploration . relicanth has not changed in over 100 million years .
relicanth relic
relicanth very old object ; antique
relicanth coelacanths
relicanth ancient fossilised fish