vulpix fox pokémon
at the time of birth , vulpix has just one tail . the tail splits from vulpix tip as vulpix grows older .
both vulpix fur and vulpix tails are beautiful . as vulpix grows , the tails split and form more tails .
as vulpix develops , vulpix single white tail gains color and splits into six . vulpix is quite warm and cuddly .
if vulpix is attacked by an enemy that is stronger than vulpix , vulpix feigns injury to fool the enemy and escapes .
as vulpix body grows larger , vulpix six warm tails become more beautiful , with a more luxurious coat of fur .
at the time of vulpix birth , vulpix has one white tail . the tail separates into six if this pokémon receives plenty of love from vulpix trainer . the six tails become magnificently curled .
inside vulpix ’ s body burns a flame that never goes out . during the daytime , when the temperatures rise , this pokémon releases flames from vulpix mouth to prevent vulpix body from growing too hot .
while young , vulpix has six gorgeous tails . when vulpix grows , several new tails are sprouted .
when vulpix is born , vulpix has just one snow-white tail . the tail splits from vulpix tip as vulpix grows older .
vulpix can freely control fire , making fiery orbs fly like will-o ’ -the-wisps . just before evolution , vulpix six tails grow hot as if on fire .
vulpix controls balls of fire . as vulpix grows , vulpix six tails split from their tips to make more tails .
as each tail grows , vulpix fur becomes more lustrous . when held , vulpix feels slightly warm .
vulpix beautiful fur and tails have made vulpix very popular . as vulpix grows , vulpix tails split to form more tails .
from vulpix mouth spew flames that seem to resemble the spirits of the deceased . some people mistakenly think this fire is a ghost .
vulpix beautiful tails have made vulpix very popular . however , if vulpix ’ s not brushed diligently , vulpix will be a mass of tangles before you know vulpix .
vulpix manipulates balls of fire to catch vulpix prey . if you raise one from when vulpix ’ s young , vulpix will grow close to you like a puppy pokémon .
in vulpix belly burns a fire , which vulpix spits out in the form of fireballs . when young , this pokémon has but one white tail . as the pokémon matures , this single tail splits into six .
vulpix vulpine
vulpix of or relating to foxes
vulpix six
vulpix its number of tails