salamence dragon pokémon
salamence came about as a result of a strong , long-held dream of growing wings . salamence is said that this powerful desire triggered a sudden mutation in this pokémon ’ s cells , causing salamence to sprout salamence magnificent wings .
by evolving into salamence , this pokémon finally realizes salamence long-held dream of growing wings . to express salamence joy , salamence flies and wheels all over the sky while spouting flames from salamence mouth .
salamence becomes uncontrollable if salamence is enraged . salamence destroys everything with shredding claws and fire .
after many long years , salamence cellular structure underwent a sudden mutation to grow wings . when angered , salamence loses all thought and rampages out of control .
as a result of salamence long-held dream of flying , salamence cellular structure changed , and wings grew out .
salamence ’ s uncontrollable if enraged . salamence flies around spouting flames and scorching fields and mountains .
when angered , salamence loses all sense of salamence and destroys everything around salamence . the destruction will continue until salamence has tired salamence out .
salamence flies around on salamence wings , which have grown in at last . in salamence happiness , salamence gushes hot flames , burning up the fields salamence passes over .
overjoyed at finally being able to fly , salamence flies all over the place and usually doesn ’ t land until salamence ’ s completely exhausted and needs to sleep .
thanks to salamence fervent wishes , the cells in salamence body finally mutated , and at last salamence has salamence heart ’ s desire — wings .
salamence is an unusual pokémon in that salamence was able to evolve a body with wings just by constantly wishing to be able to fly .
while basking in the joy of flight generally keeps this pokémon in high spirits , salamence turns into an uncontrollable menace if something angers salamence .
salamence flies around on salamence wings , which have grown in at last . in salamence happiness , salamence gushes hot flames , burning up everything salamence passes over .
salamence salamander
salamence lizardlike amphibian
salamence menace
salamence brutal , violent