metagross iron leg pokémon
metagross has four brains in total . combined , the four brains can breeze through difficult calculations faster than a supercomputer . this pokémon can float in the air by tucking in metagross four legs .
metagross is the result of two metang achieving fusion . when hunting , this pokémon pins the prey to the ground under metagross massive body . metagross then eats the helpless victim using the large mouth on metagross stomach .
metagross is formed by two metang fusing . metagross four brains are said to be superior to a supercomputer .
metagross has four brains that are joined by a complex neural network . as a result of integration , this pokémon is smarter than a supercomputer .
metang combined to form metagross . with four brains , metagross has the intelligence of a supercomputer .
metagross folds metagross four legs when flying . metagross four brains are said to be superior to a supercomputer .
with four linked brains , metagross ’ s more intelligent than a supercomputer , and metagross uses calculations to analyze foes .
metagross firmly pins metagross prey using metagross four claws and large body . then the teeth in the mouth on metagross stomach chew the prey to bits .
a linkage of two metang , this pokémon can perform any calculation in a flash by utilizing parallel processing in metagross four brains .
metagross boasts not only psychic powers but also fantastic strength . metagross grabs metagross prey with metagross four legs and holds them in place with metagross claws .
metagross analyzes metagross opponents with more accuracy than a supercomputer , which enables metagross to calmly back them into a corner .
because the magnetic powers of these pokémon get stronger in freezing temperatures , metagross living on snowy mountains are full of energy .
metagross is the result of the fusion of two metang . this pokémon defeats metagross opponents through use of metagross supercomputer-level brain .
metagross metal
metagross solid material
metagross gross
metagross great , large