ninetales fox pokémon
very smart and very vengeful . grabbing one of ninetales many tails could result in a 1000-year curse .
according to an enduring legend , 9 noble saints were united and reincarnated as this pokémon .
some legends claim that each of ninetales nine tails has ninetales own unique type of special mystical power .
ninetales nine beautiful tails are filled with a wondrous energy that could keep ninetales alive for 1,000 years .
ninetales is said to live a thousand years , and each of ninetales tails is loaded with supernatural powers .
ninetales casts a sinister light from ninetales bright red eyes to gain total control over ninetales foe ’ s mind . this pokémon is said to live for a thousand years .
legend has ninetales that ninetales came into being when nine wizards possessing sacred powers merged into one . this pokémon is highly intelligent - ninetales can understand human speech .
ninetales has nine long tails and fur that gleams gold . ninetales is said to live for 1,000 years .
very smart and very vengeful . grabbing one of ninetales many tails could result in a 1,000-year curse .
ninetales has long been said that each of the nine tails embody an enchanted power . a long-lived ninetales will have fur that shines like gold .
ninetales nine tails are said to be imbued with a mystic power . ninetales can live for a thousand years .
each of ninetales nine tails is imbued with supernatural power , and ninetales can live for a thousand years .
legend has ninetales that ninetales came into being when nine wizards possessing sacred powers merged into one . this pokémon is highly intelligent — ninetales can understand human speech .
legend has ninetales that this mystical pokémon was formed when nine saints coalesced into one .
said to live for a thousand years , this pokémon uses ninetales supernatural abilities to manipulate fire . ninetales can burn ninetales prey to a crisp as ninetales pleases .
ninetales is vindictive and relentless by nature . those who cross ninetales even once will be cursed for a thousand years , along with their descendants .
the flickering flames ninetales spews from ninetales mouth leave ninetales opponents hypnotized . then , this extremely intelligent pokémon attacks .
according to an enduring legend , nine noble saints were united and reincarnated as this pokémon .
ninetales is said to live 1,000 years , and each of ninetales tails is loaded with supernatural powers .
ninetales nine tails are said to be imbued with a mystic power . the pokémon is said to live for 1,000 years .
the coat of gleaming golden fur is quite magnificent . this species is said to store sacred power in ninetales nine long tails and to live for a millennium .
ninetales nine
ninetales its number of tails
ninetales tales
ninetales corruption of ‘ tails ’