jigglypuff balloon pokémon
when jigglypuff huge eyes light up , jigglypuff sings a mysteriously soothing melody that lulls jigglypuff enemies to sleep .
uses jigglypuff alluring eyes to enrapture jigglypuff foe . jigglypuff then sings a pleasing melody that lulls the foe to sleep .
if jigglypuff inflates to sing a lullaby , jigglypuff can perform longer and cause sure drowsiness in jigglypuff audience .
looking into jigglypuff cute , round eyes causes jigglypuff to sing a relaxing melody , inducing jigglypuff enemies to sleep .
jigglypuff rolls jigglypuff cute eyes as jigglypuff sings a soothing lullaby . jigglypuff gentle song puts anyone who hears jigglypuff to sleep .
jigglypuff ’ s vocal chords can freely adjust the wavelength of jigglypuff voice . this pokémon uses this ability to sing at precisely the right wavelength to make jigglypuff foes most drowsy .
when this pokémon sings , jigglypuff never pauses to breathe . if jigglypuff is in a battle against an opponent that does not easily fall asleep , jigglypuff can not breathe , endangering jigglypuff life .
jigglypuff captivates foes with jigglypuff huge , round eyes , then lulls them to sleep by singing a soothing melody .
when jigglypuff huge eyes waver , jigglypuff sings a mysteriously soothing melody that lulls jigglypuff enemies to sleep .
nothing can avoid falling asleep hearing a jigglypuff ’ s song . the sound waves of jigglypuff singing voice match the brain waves of someone in a deep sleep .
when jigglypuff wavers jigglypuff big , round eyes , jigglypuff begins singing a lullaby that makes everyone drowsy .
looking into jigglypuff cute , round eyes makes jigglypuff start singing a song so pleasant listeners can ’ t help but fall asleep .
jigglypuff ’ s vocal cords can freely adjust the wavelength of jigglypuff voice . this pokémon uses this ability to sing at precisely the right wavelength to make jigglypuff foes most drowsy .
jigglypuff hugely inflates jigglypuff stomach and sings a mysterious melody . if you hear this melody , you ’ ll become sleepy right away .
jigglypuff possess a vocal range that exceeds 12 octaves , but each individual ’ s singing skill depends on jigglypuff own effort .
recordings of jigglypuff ’ s strange lullabies can be purchased from department stores . these cds can be found near the bedding area .
the songs they sing are totally different depending on the region they live in . some even sound like they ’ re shouting !
uses jigglypuff cute round eyes to enrapture jigglypuff foe . jigglypuff then sings a pleasing melody that lulls the foe to sleep .
jigglypuff has top-notch lung capacity , even by comparison to other pokémon . jigglypuff won ’ t stop singing jigglypuff lullabies until jigglypuff foes fall asleep .
by freely changing the wavelength of jigglypuff voice , jigglypuff sings a mysterious melody sure to make any listener sleepy .
jigglypuff jiggle
jigglypuff to shake
jigglypuff puff
jigglypuff inflated , cloudshaped