wigglytuff balloon pokémon
the body is soft and rubbery . when angered , wigglytuff will suck in air and inflate wigglytuff to an enormous size .
wigglytuff body is full of elasticity . by inhaling deeply , wigglytuff can continue to inflate wigglytuff without limit .
their fur feels so good that if two of them snuggle together , they won ’ t want to be separated .
wigglytuff has a very fine fur . take care not to make wigglytuff angry , or wigglytuff may inflate steadily and hit with a body slam .
the rich , fluffy fur that covers wigglytuff body feels so good that anyone who feels wigglytuff can ’ t stop touching wigglytuff .
wigglytuff has large , saucerlike eyes . the surfaces of wigglytuff eyes are always covered with a thin layer of tears . if any dust gets in this pokémon ’ s eyes , wigglytuff is quickly washed away .
wigglytuff ’ s body is very flexible . by inhaling deeply , this pokémon can inflate wigglytuff seemingly without end . once inflated , wigglytuff bounces along lightly like a balloon .
wigglytuff fur is extremely fine , dense , and supple . the exquisitely pleasant fur conveys an image of luxury .
wigglytuff fur is the ultimate in luxuriousness . sleeping alongside a wigglytuff is simply divine . wigglytuff body expands seemingly without end when wigglytuff inhales .
wigglytuff fine fur feels sublime to the touch . wigglytuff can expand wigglytuff body by inhaling air .
wigglytuff fine fur feels so pleasant , those who accidentally touch wigglytuff can not take their hands away .
wigglytuff sheds wigglytuff fine fur when the seasons change . the fur is gathered and spun into a luxurious yarn .
as wigglytuff inhales , wigglytuff expands ... and expands ... and expands . wigglytuff compete to see which one can inflate wigglytuff the most .
thanks to wigglytuff bouncy body and fine fur , this pokémon is sought after . holding one in your arms while you sleep feels great .
when wigglytuff gets angry , wigglytuff inhales with all wigglytuff might , and wigglytuff body gradually inflates . sometimes they can grow 20 times larger !
wigglytuff body is very elastic . by inhaling deeply , wigglytuff can continue to inflate wigglytuff without limit .
the more air wigglytuff takes in , the more wigglytuff inflates . if opponents catch wigglytuff in a bad mood , wigglytuff will inflate wigglytuff to an enormous size to intimidate them .
wigglytuff ’ s proud of wigglytuff fur , which is fine and delicate . in particular , the curl on wigglytuff forehead has a texture that ’ s perfectly heavenly .
wigglytuff wiggle
wigglytuff to shake
wigglytuff tough
wigglytuff hard , durable