zubat bat pokémon
forms colonies in perpetually dark places . uses ultrasonic waves to identify and approach targets .
emits ultrasonic cries while zubat flies . they act as a sonar used to check for objects in zubat way .
while flying , zubat constantly emits ultrasonic waves from zubat mouth to check zubat surroundings .
capable of flying safely in dark places , zubat emits ultrasonic cries to check for any obstacles .
during the day , zubat gathers with others and hangs from the ceilings of old buildings and caves .
zubat remains quietly unmoving in a dark spot during the bright daylight hours . zubat does so because prolonged exposure to the sun causes zubat body to become slightly burned .
zubat avoids sunlight because exposure causes zubat to become unhealthy . during the daytime , zubat stays in caves or under the eaves of old houses , sleeping while hanging upside down .
zubat has no eyes . instead , zubat relies on zubat ultrasonic cries for echo location to flit about in darkness .
zubat forms colonies in perpetually dark places and uses ultrasonic waves to identify and approach targets .
while living in pitch-black caverns , their eyes gradually grew shut and deprived them of vision . they use ultrasonic waves to detect obstacles .
even though zubat has no eyes , zubat can sense obstacles using ultrasonic waves zubat emits from zubat mouth .
disliking sunlight , zubat sleeps deep in forests and caves until sundown .
zubat checks zubat surroundings and location using reflections of the ultrasonic waves from zubat mouth .
zubat does not need eyes , because zubat emits ultrasonic waves to check zubat surroundings while zubat flies .
zubat has no eyes . instead , zubat relies on zubat ultrasonic cries for echolocation to flit about in darkness .
zubat sleeps in caves during the day . zubat has no eyes , so to check zubat surroundings while flying , zubat emits ultrasonic waves .
when exposed to sunlight , they suffer burns . the frequency of their ultrasonic waves can differ slightly from colony to colony .
zubat has no eyeballs , so zubat can ’ t see . zubat checks zubat surroundings via the ultrasonic waves zubat emits from zubat mouth .
their skin is so thin that they ’ ll be burned if sunlight hits them . when zubat gets cold out , they gather together to warm one another ’ s bodies .
zubat emits ultrasonic waves from zubat mouth to check zubat surroundings . even in tight caves , zubat flies around with skill .
zubat live in caves , down where the sun ’ s light won ’ t reach . in the morning , they gather together to keep each other warm as they sleep .
makes zubat home in gloomy caves . atrophied eyes have left this pokémon blind , so zubat scans zubat surroundings via sound waves that zubat emits from zubat mouth as zubat flies .
zubat zubatto
zubat japanese for a sound of something being hit
zubat bat
zubat cavedwelling flying mammal