golbat bat pokémon
once golbat strikes , golbat will not stop draining energy from the victim even if golbat gets too heavy to fly .
golbat attacks in a stealthy manner , without warning . golbat sharp fangs are used to bite and suck blood .
however hard golbat victim ’ s hide may be , golbat punctures with sharp fangs and gorges golbat with blood .
golbat can drink more than 10 ounces of blood at once . if golbat has too much , golbat gets heavy and flies clumsily .
when golbat plunges golbat fangs into golbat prey , golbat instantly draws and gulps down more than ten ounces of blood .
golbat loves to drink the blood of living things . golbat is particularly active in the pitch black of night . this pokémon flits around in the night skies , seeking fresh blood .
golbat bites down on prey with golbat four fangs and drinks the victim ’ s blood . golbat becomes active on inky dark moonless nights , flying around to attack people and pokémon .
golbat clamps down on golbat prey with needle-sharp fangs and drains over 10 ounces of blood in one gulp .
once golbat bites , golbat will not stop draining energy from the victim even if golbat gets too heavy to fly .
golbat fangs easily puncture even thick animal hide . golbat loves to feast on the blood of people and pokémon . golbat flits about in darkness and strikes from behind .
golbat loves the blood of humans and pokémon . golbat flies around at night in search of neck veins .
once golbat starts sucking blood , golbat does not stop until golbat is full . golbat flies at night in search of prey .
golbat sharp fangs puncture the toughest of hides and have small holes for greedily sucking blood .
flitting around in the dead of night , golbat sinks golbat fangs into golbat prey and drains a nearly fatal amount of blood .
golbat thick fangs are hollow like straws , making them unexpectedly fragile . these fangs are specialized for sucking blood .
sometimes they drink so much blood , they can ’ t fly anymore . then they fall to the ground and become food for other pokémon .
every once in a while , you ’ ll see a golbat that ’ s missing some fangs . this happens when hunger drives golbat to try biting a steel-type pokémon .
they can suck down over 10 ounces of blood in one go . they have been known to drink so much blood that they can no longer fly .
golbat attacks in a stealthy manner , without warning . golbat sharp fangs are used to bite and to suck blood .
golbat loves to drink other creatures ’ blood . golbat ’ s said that if golbat finds others of golbat kind going hungry , golbat sometimes shares the blood golbat ’ s gathered .
golbat feet are tiny , but this pokémon walks skillfully . golbat sneaks up on sleeping prey before sinking in golbat fangs and slurping up blood .
golbat sinks golbat sharp fangs into other creatures and slurps up their blood . a closer look at the fangs reveals that they are hollow and akin to straws .
golbat gollop
golbat to eat or drink quickly
golbat bat
golbat cavedwelling flying mammal