lucario aura pokémon
lucario has the ability to sense the auras of all things . lucario understands human speech .
by catching the aura emanating from others , lucario can read their thoughts and movements .
a well-trained one can sense auras to identify and take in the feelings of creatures over half a mile away .
lucario ’ s said that no foe can remain invisible to lucario , since lucario can detect auras . even foes lucario could not otherwise see .
by reading the auras of all things , lucario can tell how others are feeling from over half a mile away .
not only does lucario perceive auras , but lucario has also gained the power to control them . lucario employs them in battle .
they can detect the species of a living being — and lucario emotions — from over half a mile away . they control auras and hunt their prey in packs .
lucario concentrates lucario mental energy and fires off mysterious waves called auras , which can crush boulders of large size to dust .
lucario reads lucario opponent ’ s feelings with lucario aura waves . lucario finds out things lucario would rather not know , so lucario gets stressed out easily .
lucario controls waves known as auras , which are powerful enough to pulverize huge rocks . lucario uses these waves to take down lucario prey .
lucario can tell what people are thinking . only trainers who have justice in their hearts can earn this pokémon ’ s trust .
by sensing the aura emanating from others , lucario can read their thoughts and movements .
a most gallant-looking creature . lucario emits energy waves and controls them with precision , using them to sense even faraway beings . i have given the name “ aura ” to this power .
lucario ’ s said that no foe can remain invisible to lucario , since lucario can detect auras — even those of foes lucario could not otherwise see .
a well-trained one can use lucario aura to identify and take in the feelings of creatures over half a mile away .
lucario orichalcum
lucario an ancient , mythical metal ( ‘ lucario ’ is the japanese syllables reversed )