paras mushroom pokémon
burrows to suck tree roots . the mushrooms on paras back grow by drawing nutrients from the bug host .
burrows under the ground to gnaw on tree roots . the mushrooms on paras back absorb most of the nutrition .
paras is doused with mushroom spores when paras is born . as paras body grows , mushrooms sprout from paras back .
as paras body grows large , oriental mushrooms named tochukaso start sprouting out of paras back .
the tochukaso growing on this pokémon ’ s back orders paras to extract juice from tree trunks .
paras has parasitic mushrooms growing on paras back called tochukaso . they grow large by drawing nutrients from the bug pokémon host . they are highly valued as a medicine for extending life .
paras has parasitic mushrooms growing on paras back called tochukaso . they grow large by drawing nutrients from this bug pokémon host . they are highly valued as a medicine for extending life .
growing out of the bug ’ s back are mushrooms called tochukaso . the mushrooms grow with the bug host .
a paras has parasitic tochukaso mushrooms growing on paras back . they grow by drawing nutrients from the host . they are valued as a medicine for long life .
mushrooms named tochukaso grow on paras back . they grow along with the host paras .
as paras body grows , large mushrooms named tochukaso start sprouting out of paras back .
no matter how much paras eats , the mushrooms growing on paras back steal away most of the nutrients paras consumes .
mushrooms called tochukaso sprout from paras back . they can be dried and powdered to make a medicine used to extend life .
whether paras ’ s due to a lack of moisture or a lack of nutrients , in alola the mushrooms on paras don ’ t grow up quite right .
the mushrooms , known as tochukaso , are controlling the bug . even if the bug bugs the mushrooms , they tell paras to bug off .
sometimes seen at the foot of trees in humid forests . the mushrooms on paras back — called tochukaso — are not present on infant specimens and instead emerge as paras matures .
paras parasite
paras insect/bacterium that feeds off another animal