parasect mushroom pokémon
a host-parasite pair in which the parasite mushroom has taken over the host bug . prefers damp places .
the bug host is drained of energy by the mushrooms on parasect back . they appear to do all the thinking .
parasect stays mostly in dark , damp places , the preference not of the bug , but of the big mushrooms on parasect back .
the larger the mushroom on parasect back grows , the stronger the mushroom spores parasect scatters .
when nothing ’ s left to extract from the bug , the mushrooms on parasect back leave spores on the bug ’ s egg .
parasect is known to infest large trees en masse and drain nutrients from the lower trunk and roots . when an infested tree dies , they move onto another tree all at once .
parasect scatters toxic spores from the mushroom cap . in china , the spores are used as herbal medicine .
parasect are known to infest the roots of large trees en masse and drain nutrients . when an infested tree dies , they move onto another tree all at once .
a mushroom grown larger than the host ’ s body controls parasect . parasect scatters poisonous spores .
parasect is controlled by a mushroom grown larger than the bug body . parasect is said to prefer damp places .
parasect stays mostly in dark , damp places , the preference not of the bug , but of the big mushroom on parasect back .
the large mushroom on parasect back controls parasect . parasect often fights over territory with shiinotic .
parasect scatters toxic spores from parasect mushroom cap . once harvested , these spores can be steeped and boiled down to prepare herbal medicines .
the bug is mostly dead , with the mushroom on parasect back having become the main body . if the mushroom comes off , the bug stops moving .
parasect poisonous spores are also used in traditional medicine . apparently , spores produced in alola are not of very good quality .
the bug host is drained of energy by the mushrooms on parasect back . the mushroom appears to do all the thinking .
parasect is controlled by a mushroom that has grown larger than parasect host ’ s body . the pokémon scatters poisonous spores .
parasect is controlled by the mushroom , which has grown larger than the bug body . parasect is said to prefer damp places .
mushroom-lacking specimens of this pokémon lie unmoving in the forest , lending credence to the hypothesis that the large mushroom is in control of parasect ’ s actions .
parasect parasite
parasect insect/bacterium that feeds off another animal
parasect insect
parasect a bug