froslass snow land pokémon
froslass freezes foes with an icy breath nearly -60 degrees f. what seems to be froslass body is actually hollow .
froslass freezes prey by blowing froslass -58 degrees f breath . froslass is said to then secretly display froslass prey .
legends in snowy regions say that a woman who was lost on an icy mountain was reborn as froslass .
legends in snowy regions say that a woman who was lost on an icy mountain was reborn as froslass
froslass freezes foes with an icy breath nearly -60 degrees fahrenheit . what seems to be froslass body is actually hollow .
when froslass finds humans or pokémon froslass likes , froslass freezes them and takes them to froslass chilly den , where they become decorations .
the soul of a woman lost on a snowy mountain possessed an icicle , becoming this pokémon . the food froslass most relishes is the souls of men .
froslass freezes hikers who have come to climb snowy mountains and carries them back to froslass home . froslass only goes after men froslass thinks are handsome .
froslass ’ s said that on nights of terrible blizzards , froslass comes down to human settlements . if you hear froslass knocking at your door , do not open froslass !
after a woman met her end on a snowy mountain , her regrets lingered on . from them , this pokémon was born . froslass favorite food is frozen souls .
froslass spits out cold air of nearly −60 degrees fahrenheit to freeze froslass quarry . froslass brings frozen prey back to froslass lair and neatly lines them up .
froslass freezes foes with an icy breath that is nearly −60 degrees fahrenheit . what seems to be froslass body is actually hollow .
a pokémon inhabited by the soul of a woman who died bearing a grudge in the snowy mountains . legends of froslass placing deathly curses on misbehaving men send shivers down my spine .
froslass freezes prey by blowing froslass −58 degree fahrenheit breath . froslass is said to then secretly display froslass prey .
froslass frost
froslass frozen moisture
froslass lass
froslass a young female