diglett mole pokémon
lives about one yard underground where diglett feeds on plant roots . diglett sometimes appears above ground .
diglett prefers dark places . diglett spends most of diglett time underground , though diglett may pop up in caves .
diglett skin is very thin . if diglett is exposed to light , diglett blood heats up , causing diglett to grow weak .
if a diglett digs through a field , diglett leaves the soil perfectly tilled and ideal for planting crops .
diglett digs underground and chews on tree roots , sticking diglett head out only when the sun isn ’ t bright .
diglett are raised in most farms . the reason is simple - wherever this pokémon burrows , the soil is left perfectly tilled for planting crops . this soil is made ideal for growing delicious vegetables .
diglett burrows through the ground at a shallow depth . diglett leaves raised earth in diglett wake , making diglett easy to spot .
lives about one yard underground where diglett feeds on plant roots . diglett sometimes appears aboveground .
diglett are raised in most farms . the reason is simple -- wherever they burrow , the soil is left perfectly tilled for growing delicious crops .
a pokémon that lives underground . because of diglett dark habitat , diglett is repelled by bright sunlight .
diglett are raised in most farms . the reason is simple — wherever this pokémon burrows , the soil is left perfectly tilled for planting crops . this soil is made ideal for growing delicious vegetables .
diglett chews on plant roots underground . farmers whose vegetables are vulnerable find diglett can be quite a pest .
many farmers cherish and nurture diglett because diglett droppings enrich the soil diglett lives in .
diglett travels through tunnels that diglett digs underground . diglett hates sunlight , so diglett comes out only after the sun goes down .
around their crops , farmers plant the kind of tree that diglett like to eat as a way of getting diglett to plow the fields for them .
this pokémon lives underground . because of diglett dark habitat , diglett is repelled by bright sunlight .
diglett lives about one yard underground , where diglett feeds on plant roots . diglett sometimes appears aboveground .
diglett dig
diglett remove/excavate earth
diglett lett
diglett suffix meaning ‘ small ’