meowth scratch cat pokémon
adores circular objects . wanders the streets on a nightly basis to look for dropped loose change .
appears to be more active at night . meowth loves round and shiny things . meowth can ’ t stop from picking them up .
meowth is fascinated by round objects . meowth can ’ t stop playing with them until meowth tires and falls asleep .
meowth loves anything that shines . meowth especially adores coins that meowth picks up and secretly hoards .
meowth loves things that sparkle . when meowth sees a shiny object , the gold coin on meowth head shines too .
meowth withdraws meowth sharp claws into meowth paws to slinkily sneak about without making any incriminating footsteps . for some reason , this pokémon loves shiny coins that glitter with light .
all meowth does is sleep during the daytime . at night , meowth patrols meowth territory with meowth eyes aglow .
adores round objects . meowth wanders the streets on a nightly basis to look for dropped loose change .
meowth withdraw their sharp claws into their paws to silently sneak about . for some reason , this pokémon loves shiny coins that glitter with light .
meowth is nocturnal in nature . if meowth spots something shiny , meowth eyes glitter brightly .
meowth lies around all day , becoming active near dusk . at night , meowth wanders the city in search of loose change .
meowth loves shiny things . meowth often fights with murkrow over prey they ’ re both trying to catch .
when visiting a junkyard , you may catch sight of meowth having an intense fight with murkrow over shiny objects .
meowth loves coins , so if you give meowth one , you can make friends with meowth easily . but meowth ’ s fickle , so you can ’ t count on that friendship lasting .
appears to be more active at night . meowth loves round and shiny things . meowth can ’ t stop meowth from picking them up .
meowth loves to collect shiny things . if meowth ’ s in a good mood , meowth might even let meowth trainer have a look at meowth hoard of treasures .
meowth washes meowth face regularly to keep the coin on meowth forehead spotless . meowth doesn ’ t get along with galarian meowth .
meowth is nocturnal by nature . if meowth spots something shiny , meowth eyes glitter as brightly as the shiny object .
meowth loves things that sparkle . when meowth sees a shiny object , the gold coin on meowth head shines , too .
meowth meow
meowth the sound a cat makes