persian classy cat pokémon
although persian fur has many admirers , persian is tough to raise as a pet because of persian fickle meanness .
the gem in persian forehead glows on persian own ! persian walks with all the grace and elegance of a proud queen .
many adore persian for persian sophisticated air . however , persian will lash out and scratch for little reason .
persian lithe muscles allow persian to walk without making a sound . persian attacks in an instant .
behind persian lithe , elegant appearance lies a barbaric side . persian will tear apart persian prey on a mere whim .
persian has six bold whiskers that give persian a look of toughness . the whiskers sense air movements to determine what is in the pokémon ’ s surrounding vicinity . persian becomes docile if grabbed by the whiskers .
has a vicious temperament . beware if persian raises persian tail straight up . persian is a signal that persian is about to pounce and bite .
a persian ’ s six bold whiskers sense air movements to determine what is in persian vicinity . persian becomes docile if grabbed by the whiskers .
a very haughty pokémon . among fans , the size of the jewel in persian forehead is a topic of much talk .
persian has a violent temperament . persian will attack anything that looks persian in the eye . persian sharp claws inflict deep wounds .
persian has a high opinion of persian , although not to the same extent as the alolan persian . persian ’ s quite difficult to make friends with this pokémon .
although the jewel on persian forehead appears to be a different color than those of alolan persian , persian ’ s mostly made of the same material .
this pokémon is popular with rich people . persian ’ s also targeted by hunters who are after the jewel in persian forehead .
getting this prideful pokémon to warm up to you takes a lot of effort , and persian will claw at you the moment persian gets annoyed .
persian elegant and refined behavior clashes with that of the barbaric perrserker . the relationship between the two is one of mutual disdain .
persian is a very haughty pokémon . among fans of persian , the size of the jewel in persian forehead is a topic of much talk .
persian has a vicious temperament . beware if persian raises persian tail straight up . this is a signal that persian is about to pounce and bite .
persian persian
persian a longhaired breed of cat