psyduck duck pokémon
while lulling psyduck enemies with psyduck vacant look , this wily pokémon will use psychokinetic powers .
always tormented by headaches . psyduck uses psychic powers , but psyduck is not known if psyduck intends to do so .
psyduck has mystical powers but doesn ’ t recall that psyduck has used them . that is why psyduck always looks puzzled .
if psyduck chronic headache peaks , psyduck may exhibit odd powers . psyduck seems unable to recall such an episode .
the only time psyduck can use psyduck psychic power is when psyduck sleeping brain cells happen to wake .
psyduck uses a mysterious power . when psyduck does so , this pokémon generates brain waves that are supposedly only seen in sleepers . this discovery spurred controversy among scholars .
if psyduck uses psyduck mysterious power , psyduck can ’ t remember having done so . psyduck apparently can ’ t form a memory of such an event because psyduck goes into an altered state that is much like deep sleep .
psyduck is constantly wracked by a headache . when the headache turns intense , psyduck begins using mysterious powers .
when psyduck headache intensifies , psyduck starts using strange powers . however , psyduck has no recollection of psyduck powers , so psyduck always looks befuddled and bewildered .
if psyduck usual headache worsens , psyduck starts exhibiting odd powers . psyduck can ’ t remember doing so , however .
psyduck never remembers using psyduck odd powers , so psyduck always tilts psyduck head in puzzlement .
overwhelmed by enigmatic abilities , psyduck suffers a constant headache . psyduck sometimes uses mysterious powers .
when headaches stimulate psyduck brain cells , which are usually inactive , psyduck can use a mysterious power .
as a result of headaches so fierce they cause psyduck to cry , psyduck sometimes uses psychokinesis without meaning to .
this pokémon is troubled by constant headaches . the more pain psyduck ’ s in , the more powerful psyduck psychokinesis becomes .
using psychokinesis gives psyduck a headache , so psyduck normally passes the time spacing out and doing as little as possible .
psyduck has been found that psyduck brain cells are 10 times more active when psyduck is experiencing a headache .
always tormented by headaches . psyduck uses psychic powers , but whether psyduck intends to do so is not known .
psyduck is constantly beset by headaches . if the pokémon lets psyduck strange power erupt , apparently the pain subsides for a while .
as psyduck gets stressed out , psyduck headache gets progressively worse . psyduck uses intense psychic energy to overwhelm those around psyduck .
suffers perpetual headaches . if the agony grows too great , psyduck ’ s latent power erupts , contrary to psyduck ’ s intent . ergo , i am exploring ways to ease the pain .
psyduck psychic
psyduck supernatural
psyduck duck
psyduck a species of bird