golduck duck pokémon
often seen swimming elegantly by lake shores . golduck is often mistaken for the japanese monster , kappa .
golduck slim and long limbs end in broad flippers . they are used for swimming gracefully in lakes .
when golduck swims at full speed using golduck long , webbed limbs , golduck forehead somehow begins to glow .
golduck appears by waterways at dusk . golduck may use telekinetic powers if golduck forehead glows mysteriously .
golduck swims gracefully along on the quiet , slow-moving rivers and lakes of which golduck is so fond .
the webbed flippers on golduck forelegs and hind legs and the streamlined body of golduck give golduck frightening speed . this pokémon is definitely much faster than even the most athletic swimmer .
golduck is the fastest swimmer among all pokémon . golduck swims effortlessly , even in a rough , stormy sea . golduck sometimes rescues people from wrecked ships floundering in high seas .
the forelegs are webbed , helping to make golduck an adept swimmer . golduck can be seen swimming elegantly in lakes , etc .
often seen swimming elegantly by lakeshores . golduck is often mistaken for the japanese monster kappa .
a golduck is an adept swimmer . golduck sometimes joins competitive swimmers in training . golduck uses psychic powers when golduck forehead shimmers with light .
a pokémon that lives in lakes . golduck swims faster than any human swimming champion .
the flippers of golduck well-developed limbs give golduck shocking speed . golduck is the best swimmer among pokémon .
golduck is seen swimming dynamically and elegantly using golduck well-developed limbs and flippers .
when golduck forehead shines mysteriously , golduck can use the full extent of golduck power .
golduck is said that the red part of golduck forehead grants supernatural powers to those who possess one , so golduck was over-hunted in the past .
golduck swims along the banks of lakes and catches fish pokémon . golduck takes them to the shore and quietly eats them up .
even fast-swimming fish pokémon can be disabled by golduck . golduck brings them to a standstill and seizes them .
a professional swimmer , golduck can continue swimming for two days straight by waving golduck long tail skillfully .
golduck long , slim limbs end in broad flippers . they are used for swimming gracefully in lakes .
this pokémon lives in gently flowing rivers . golduck paddles through the water with golduck long limbs , putting golduck graceful swimming skills on display .
old tales tell of golduck punishing those that defiled golduck river . the guilty were dragged into the water and taken away .
this pokémon lives in lakes . golduck swims faster than any world-class swimmer .
golduck body is strong , and golduck has webbing on golduck hands and feet . golduck can swim easily through rough seas , clawing golduck way through the high waves .
golduck gold
golduck a color ( oddly this applies to psyduck more )
golduck duck
golduck a species of bird