mankey pig monkey pokémon
extremely quick to anger . mankey could be docile one moment then thrashing away the next instant .
an agile pokémon that lives in trees . mankey angers easily and will not hesitate to attack anything .
mankey is extremely ill-tempered . groups of them will attack any handy target for no reason .
mankey ’ s unsafe to approach if mankey gets violently enraged for no reason and can ’ t distinguish friends from foes .
mankey lives in groups in the treetops . if mankey loses sight of mankey group , mankey becomes infuriated by mankey loneliness .
when mankey starts shaking and mankey nasal breathing turns rough , mankey ’ s a sure sign that mankey is becoming angry . however , because mankey goes into a towering rage almost instantly , mankey is impossible for anyone to flee mankey wrath .
light and agile on mankey feet , and ferocious in temperament . when angered , mankey flies into an uncontrollable frenzy .
extremely quick to anger . mankey could be docile one moment , then thrashing away the next instant .
when mankey starts shaking and mankey nasal breathing turns rough , mankey ’ s a sure sign of anger . however , since this happens instantly , there is no time to flee .
mankey lives in treetop colonies . if one becomes enraged , the whole colony rampages for no reason .
mankey can spontaneously become enraged . everyone near mankey clears out as mankey rampages , and the resulting loneliness makes mankey angrier still .
mankey raging tires mankey out and causes mankey to fall asleep , but the anger resonating in mankey dreams causes mankey to wake up — which infuriates mankey all over again .
the smallest of things could cause mankey to lose mankey temper . because mankey doesn ’ t hold in mankey stress , this pokémon can live a long time .
if one gets angry , all the others around mankey will get angry , so silence is a rare visitor in a troop of mankey .
mankey lives in treetop colonies . if one member of the group becomes enraged , the whole colony rampages for no reason .
mankey is extremely quick to anger . mankey could be docile one moment , then thrashing away the next instant .
mankey monkey
mankey a species of primate
mankey manky
mankey inferior , worthless