primeape pig monkey pokémon
always furious and tenacious to boot . primeape will not abandon chasing primeape quarry until primeape is caught .
primeape stops being angry only when nobody else is around . to view this moment is very difficult .
if approached while asleep , primeape may awaken and angrily give chase in a groggy state of semi-sleep .
primeape becomes wildly furious if primeape even senses someone looking at primeape . primeape chases anyone that meets primeape glare .
primeape will beat up anyone who makes primeape mad , even if primeape has to chase them until the end of the world .
when primeape becomes furious , primeape blood circulation is boosted . in turn , primeape muscles are made even stronger . however , primeape also becomes much less intelligent at the same time .
primeape is always outrageously furious . if primeape gives chase , primeape will tenaciously track the target no matter how far .
always furious and tenacious to boot . primeape will not abandon chasing primeape quarry until primeape catches up .
when primeape becomes furious , primeape blood circulation becomes more robust , and primeape muscles are made stronger . but primeape also becomes much less intelligent .
primeape grows angry if you see primeape eyes and gets angrier if you run . if you beat primeape , primeape gets even madder .
primeape has been known to become so angry that primeape dies as a result . primeape face looks peaceful in death , however .
some researchers theorize that primeape remains angry even when inside a poké ball .
primeape will never forgive opponents who have angered primeape . even after primeape has beaten them down until they can ’ t move , primeape never ever forgives .
the blood vessels in primeape brain are sturdier than those of other pokémon , so primeape can stay healthy despite primeape constant raging .
primeape becomes angry if primeape sees an opponent ’ s eyes and gets angrier if the opponent runs . even after primeape beats the opponent , primeape is still angry .
primeape prime
primeape superior
primeape primate
primeape set of mammals including monkeys , apes , etc
primeape ape
primeape a species of primate