growlithe puppy pokémon
very protective of growlithe territory . growlithe will bark and bite to repel intruders from growlithe space .
a pokémon with a friendly nature . however , growlithe will bark fiercely at anything invading growlithe territory .
growlithe has a brave and trustworthy nature . growlithe fearlessly stands up to bigger and stronger foes .
extremely loyal , growlithe will fearlessly bark at any opponent to protect growlithe own trainer from harm .
growlithe controls a big territory . if growlithe detects an unknown smell , growlithe roars loudly to force out the intruder .
growlithe has a superb sense of smell . once growlithe smells anything , this pokémon won ’ t forget the scent , no matter what . growlithe uses growlithe advanced olfactory sense to determine the emotions of other living things .
very friendly and faithful to people . growlithe will try to repel enemies by barking and biting .
growlithe is very protective of growlithe territory . growlithe will bark and bite to repel intruders from growlithe space .
growlithe superb sense of smell ensures that this pokémon won ’ t forget any scent , no matter what . growlithe uses growlithe sense of smell to detect the emotions of others .
a pokémon with a loyal nature . growlithe will remain motionless until growlithe is given an order by growlithe trainer .
extremely loyal to growlithe trainer , growlithe will bark at those who approach the trainer unexpectedly and run them out of town .
growlithe ’ s both clever and loyal , but if a stranger tries to invade growlithe territory , growlithe barks threateningly .
growlithe looks cute , but when you approach another trainer ’ s growlithe , growlithe will bark at you and bite .
while growlithe ’ s quite friendly toward humans once growlithe ’ s grown used to them , in the wild growlithe must be quite fierce to defend growlithe territory from rockruff .
growlithe has lived alongside humans since ages ago . growlithe bones have been found in excavations of ruins from the stone age .
growlithe is a pokémon with a loyal nature . growlithe will remain motionless until growlithe is given an order by growlithe trainer .
growlithe ’ s very friendly and faithful to people . growlithe will try to repel enemies by barking and biting .
growlithe growl
growlithe gruff noise made by dogs
growlithe lithe
growlithe gracefully slender