poliwag tadpole pokémon
poliwag newly grown legs prevent poliwag from running . poliwag appears to prefer swimming than trying to stand .
the direction of the spiral on the belly differs by area . poliwag is more adept at swimming than walking .
because poliwag is inept at walking on poliwag newly grown legs , poliwag always swims around in water .
the direction of poliwag belly spiral differs by area . the equator is thought to have an effect on this .
the swirl on poliwag belly is poliwag insides showing through the skin . poliwag looks clearer after poliwag eats .
poliwag has a very thin skin . poliwag is possible to see the pokémon ’ s spiral innards right through the skin . despite poliwag thinness , however , the skin is also very flexible . even sharp fangs bounce right off poliwag .
poliwag slick black skin is thin and damp . a part of poliwag internal organs can be seen through the skin as a spiral pattern .
poliwag newly grown legs prevent poliwag from walking well . poliwag appears to prefer swimming over walking .
poliwag is possible to see this pokémon ’ s spiral innards right through poliwag thin skin . however , the skin is also very flexible . even sharp fangs bounce right off poliwag .
poliwag skin is so thin , poliwag internal organs are visible . poliwag has trouble walking on poliwag newly grown feet .
the swirl on poliwag belly is poliwag internal organs showing through . if the swirl is tinged white , that means poliwag ’ s affected by some disease .
poliwag ’ s still not very good at walking . poliwag trainers should train this pokémon to walk every day .
despite the danger , poliwag wants to come up on land . so poliwag does poliwag best to waddle along , but when an enemy finds poliwag , poliwag rushes back to the water .
the direction of the swirl on their stomachs differs depending on where they live . poliwag aficionados can tell them apart at a glance .
for poliwag , swimming is easier than walking . the swirl pattern on poliwag belly is actually part of the pokémon ’ s innards showing through the skin .
in rivers with fast-flowing water , this pokémon will cling to a rock by using poliwag thick lips , which act like a suction cup .
poliwag polliwog
poliwag a tadpole ; baby frog/toad
poliwag wag
poliwag tail movement