poliwhirl tadpole pokémon
capable of living in or out of water . when out of water , poliwhirl sweats to keep poliwhirl body slimy .
under attack , poliwhirl uses poliwhirl belly spiral to put the foe to sleep . poliwhirl then makes poliwhirl escape .
the swirl on poliwhirl belly subtly undulates . staring at poliwhirl may gradually cause drowsiness .
the skin on most of poliwhirl body is moist . however , the skin on poliwhirl belly spiral feels smooth .
though poliwhirl is skilled at walking , poliwhirl prefers to live underwater where there is less danger .
the surface of poliwhirl ’ s body is always wet and slick with an oily fluid . because of this greasy covering , poliwhirl can easily slip and slide out of the clutches of any enemy in battle .
poliwhirl two legs are well developed . even though poliwhirl can live on the ground , poliwhirl prefers living in water .
poliwhirl can live in or out of water . when out of water , poliwhirl constantly sweats to keep poliwhirl body slimy .
poliwhirl body surface is always wet and slick with an oily fluid . because of this greasy covering , poliwhirl can easily slip and slide out of the clutches of any enemy in battle .
the spiral pattern on poliwhirl belly subtly undulates . staring at poliwhirl gradually causes drowsiness .
the surface of poliwhirl ’ s body is always wet and slick with a slimy fluid . because of this slippery covering , poliwhirl can easily slip and slide out of the clutches of any enemy in battle .
although poliwhirl can live on land , poliwhirl prefers to stay in the water , where poliwhirl has fewer natural enemies .
poliwhirl marches over the land in search of bug pokémon to eat . then poliwhirl takes them underwater so poliwhirl can dine on them where poliwhirl ’ s safe .
although poliwhirl has become capable of living on land , poliwhirl spends poliwhirl time in the water , where poliwhirl prey , fish pokémon , are plentiful .
poliwhirl health suffers when poliwhirl skin dries out , so be sure to moisturize poliwhirl diligently .
staring at the swirl on poliwhirl belly causes drowsiness . this trait of poliwhirl ’ s has been used in place of lullabies to get children to go to sleep .
this pokémon ’ s sweat is a slimy mucus . when captured , poliwhirl can slither from poliwhirl enemies ’ grasp and escape .
poliwhirl polliwog
poliwhirl a tadpole ; baby frog/toad
poliwhirl whirl
poliwhirl circular pattern