poliwrath tadpole pokémon
an adept swimmer at both the front crawl and breast stroke . easily overtakes the best human swimmers .
swims powerfully using all the muscles in poliwrath body . poliwrath can even overtake champion swimmers .
this strong and skilled swimmer is even capable of crossing the pacific ocean just by kicking .
although an energetic , skilled swimmer that uses all of poliwrath muscles , poliwrath lives on dry land .
poliwrath can use poliwrath well-developed arms and legs to run on the surface of the water for a split second .
poliwrath ’ s highly developed , brawny muscles never grow fatigued , however much poliwrath exercises . poliwrath is so tirelessly strong , this pokémon can swim back and forth across the pacific ocean without effort .
an adept swimmer , poliwrath knows the front crawl , butterfly , and more . poliwrath is faster than the best human swimmers .
a swimmer adept at both the front crawl and breaststroke . easily overtakes the best human swimmers .
poliwrath highly developed muscles never grow fatigued , however much poliwrath exercises . this pokémon can swim back and forth across the pacific ocean without effort .
with poliwrath extremely tough muscles , poliwrath can keep swimming in the pacific ocean without resting .
poliwrath ’ s highly developed , brawny muscles never grow fatigued , however much poliwrath exercises . poliwrath is so tirelessly strong , this pokémon can swim back and forth across the ocean without effort .
poliwrath in the alola region are strong swimmers that use the breaststroke . many children learn to swim by imitating poliwrath .
poliwrath percentage of body fat is nearly zero . poliwrath body is entirely muscle , which makes poliwrath heavy and forces poliwrath swimming prowess to develop .
poliwrath ’ s quite a gifted swimmer , even among water-type pokémon , but poliwrath normally spends poliwrath time on land .
the muscles poliwrath has developed through swimming are thick and powerful . when poliwrath lands a square punch , poliwrath can turn huge boulders to dust .
swims powerfully using all the muscles in poliwrath body . poliwrath can even overtake world-class swimmers .
poliwrath body is solid muscle . when swimming through cold seas , poliwrath uses poliwrath impressive arms to smash through drift ice and plow forward .
poliwrath is skilled at both swimming and martial arts . poliwrath uses poliwrath well-trained arms to dish out powerful punches .
with poliwrath extremely tough muscles , poliwrath could keep swimming in the pacific ocean without resting .
poliwrath polliwog
poliwrath a tadpole ; baby frog/toad
poliwrath wrath
poliwrath anger