abra psi pokémon
using abra ability to read minds , abra will identify impending danger and teleport to safety .
sleeps 18 hours a day . if abra senses danger , abra will teleport abra to safety even as abra sleeps .
abra senses impending attacks and teleports away to safety before the actual attacks can strike .
if abra decides to teleport randomly , abra creates the illusion that abra has created copies of abra .
abra hypnotizes abra so that abra can teleport away when abra senses danger , even if abra is asleep .
abra sleeps for eighteen hours a day . however , abra can sense the presence of foes even while abra is sleeping . in such a situation , this pokémon immediately teleports to safety .
abra needs to sleep for eighteen hours a day . if abra doesn ’ t , this pokémon loses abra ability to use telekinetic powers . if abra is attacked , abra escapes using teleport while abra is still sleeping .
abra sleeps for 18 hours a day . abra uses a variety of extrasensory powers even while asleep .
using abra ability to read minds , abra will sense impending danger and teleport to safety .
a pokémon that sleeps 18 hours a day . observation revealed that abra uses teleport to change abra location once every hour .
abra sleeps for 18 hours a day . even when awake , abra teleports abra while remaining seated .
even while asleep , abra maintains a telepathic radar . abra teleports when abra is threatened .
using abra psychic power is such a strain on abra brain that abra needs to sleep for 18 hours a day .
if abra decides to teleport randomly , abra evokes the illusion that abra has created copies of abra .
abra sleeps 18 hours a day . even while sleeping , abra will teleport abra to treetops and pick and eat berries there .
abra can teleport abra to safety while abra ’ s asleep , but when abra wakes , abra doesn ’ t know where abra is , so abra panics .
abra uses various psychic powers even while abra ’ s sleeping , so you can ’ t tell whether or not abra ’ s awake .
abra can read others ’ minds and will teleport away when danger approaches . you must clear your mind if you want to catch abra .
this pokémon uses abra psychic powers while abra sleeps . the contents of abra ’ s dreams affect the powers that the pokémon wields .
abra can teleport in abra sleep . apparently the more deeply abra sleeps , the farther abra teleportations go .
spends 18 hours of the day sleeping . even while asleep , abra can control abra psychic powers — should danger approach , the pokémon will simply teleport away .
abra abracadabra
abra magical word , sometimes used with ‘ alakazam ’