kadabra psi pokémon
kadabra emits special alpha waves from kadabra body that induce headaches just by being close by .
many odd things happen if this pokémon is close by . for example , kadabra makes clocks run backwards .
kadabra possesses strong spiritual power . the more danger kadabra faces , the stronger kadabra psychic power .
if kadabra uses kadabra abilities , kadabra emits special alpha waves that cause machines to malfunction .
when kadabra closes kadabra eyes , twice as many alpha particles come out of the surface of kadabra body .
kadabra emits a peculiar alpha wave if kadabra develops a headache . only those people with a particularly strong psyche can hope to become a trainer of this pokémon .
kadabra holds a silver spoon in kadabra hand . the spoon is used to amplify the alpha waves in kadabra brain . without the spoon , the pokémon is said to be limited to half the usual amount of kadabra telekinetic powers .
kadabra happened one morning - a boy with extrasensory powers awoke in bed transformed into kadabra .
kadabra emits special alpha waves from kadabra body that induce headaches just by being close .
kadabra is rumored that a boy with psychic abilities suddenly transformed into kadabra while he was assisting research into extrasensory powers .
if one is nearby , an eerie shadow appears on tv screens . seeing the shadow is said to bring bad luck .
when kadabra uses kadabra psychic power , kadabra emits strong ha waves that can ruin precision devices .
kadabra stares at kadabra silver spoon to focus kadabra mind . kadabra emits more alpha waves while doing so .
when kadabra uses kadabra psychic power , kadabra emits strong alpha waves that can ruin precision devices .
a theory exists that this pokémon was a young boy who couldn ’ t control his psychic powers and ended up transformed into this pokémon .
kadabra ’ s presence infests televisions and monitors with creepy shadows that bring bad luck .
kadabra stares at a silver spoon to amplify kadabra psychic powers before kadabra lets loose . apparently , gold spoons are no good .
kadabra possesses strong mental capabilities , but kadabra psychic powers are halved when kadabra ’ s not holding a silver spoon .
many odd things happen if this pokémon is close by . for example , kadabra makes clocks run backward .
using kadabra psychic power , kadabra levitates as kadabra sleeps . kadabra uses kadabra springy tail as a pillow .
this pokémon ’ s telekinesis is immensely powerful . to prepare for evolution , kadabra stores up psychic energy in the star on kadabra forehead .
when kadabra uses kadabra psychic power , kadabra emits strong alpha waves that can ruin precision instruments .
there are rumors that a child with mystical powers became a kadabra ; however , this remains unverified . i suspect that the spoon kadabra holds enhances kadabra brain waves .
kadabra abracadabra
kadabra magical word , sometimes used with ‘ alakazam ’