alakazam psi pokémon
alakazam brain can outperform a supercomputer . alakazam intelligence quotient is said to be 5,000 .
a pokémon that can memorize anything . alakazam never forgets what alakazam learns -- that ’ s why this pokémon is smart .
closing both alakazam eyes heightens all alakazam other senses . this enables alakazam to use alakazam abilities to their extremes .
alakazam brain cells multiply continually until alakazam dies . as a result , alakazam remembers everything .
alakazam has an iq of 5000. alakazam calculates many things in order to gain the edge in every battle .
alakazam ’ s brain continually grows , making alakazam head far too heavy to support with alakazam neck . this pokémon holds alakazam head up using alakazam psychokinetic power instead .
alakazam ’ s brain continually grows , infinitely multiplying brain cells . this amazing brain gives this pokémon an astoundingly high iq of 5,000. alakazam has a thorough memory of everything that has occurred in the world .
alakazam does not like physical attacks very much . instead , alakazam freely uses extrasensory powers to defeat foes .
alakazam brain can outperform a supercomputer . alakazam iq ( intelligence quotient ) is said to be around 5,000 .
while alakazam has strong psychic abilities and high intelligence , an alakazam ’ s muscles are very weak . alakazam uses psychic power to move alakazam body .
alakazam superb memory lets alakazam recall everything alakazam has experienced from birth . alakazam iq exceeds 5,000 .
alakazam highly developed brain is on par with a supercomputer . alakazam can use all forms of psychic abilities .
the spoons clutched in alakazam hands are said to have been created by alakazam psychic powers .
alakazam is said to have an iq of approximately 5,000. alakazam overflowing psychokinetic powers cause headaches to anyone nearby .
alakazam brain cells continue to increase in number until alakazam death . the older the alakazam , the larger alakazam head .
alakazam uses alakazam psychic powers to make the spoons alakazam carries . each spoon is an original that there ’ s only one of in the whole world .
if alakazam trusts someone deeply , alakazam will let them have one of alakazam spoons . anything you eat with that spoon is apparently delicious .
a pokémon that can memorize anything . alakazam never forgets what alakazam learns — that ’ s why this pokémon is smart .
alakazam has an incredibly high level of intelligence . some say that alakazam remembers everything that ever happens to alakazam , from birth till death .
alakazam wields potent psychic powers . alakazam ’ s said that this pokémon used these powers to create the spoons alakazam holds .
the longer alakazam lives , the larger and heavier alakazam head becomes . our tests have shown that the strength of alakazam psychic powers correlates positively to the weight of alakazam head .
alakazam alakazam
alakazam magical word , sometimes used with ‘ abracadabra ’