machop superpower pokémon
loves to build machop muscles . machop trains in all styles of martial arts to become even stronger .
very powerful in spite of machop small size . machop mastery of many types of martial arts makes machop very tough .
always brimming with power , machop passes time by lifting boulders . doing so makes machop even stronger .
machop loves to work out and build machop muscles . machop is never satisfied , even if machop trains hard all day long .
machop trains by lifting rocks in the mountains . machop can even pick up a graveler with ease .
machop ’ s muscles are special - they never get sore no matter how much they are used in exercise . this pokémon has sufficient power to hurl a hundred adult humans .
machop exercises by hefting around a graveler as if machop were a barbell . there are some machop that travel the world in a quest to master all kinds of martial arts .
machop whole body is composed of muscles . even though machop ’ s the size of a human child , machop can hurl 100 grown-ups .
machop continually undertakes strenuous training to master all forms of martial arts . machop strength lets machop easily hoist a sumo wrestler onto machop shoulders .
machop hefts a graveler repeatedly to strengthen machop entire body . machop uses every type of martial arts .
machop muscles never cramp however much machop trains . machop lives in the mountains away from humans .
though small in stature , machop is powerful enough to easily heft and throw a number of geodude at once .
machop ’ s muscles are special — they never get sore no matter how much they are used in exercise . this pokémon has sufficient power to hurl a hundred adult humans .
machop loves working out . as machop gazes at machop muscles , which continue to swell day by day , machop becomes more and more dedicated to machop training .
with machop superhuman strength , machop ’ s able to throw a hundred people all at the same time . machop strength comes from lifting graveler every day .
once this pokémon has gained enough confidence and muscle from training with machop friends , machop challenges makuhita to a battle .
machop likes food that ’ s highly nutritious because machop instincts drive machop to build muscle efficiently .
though as small as a child , machop has strength enough to easily throw a well-built adult . striving to become ever stronger , machop trains by carrying a graveler on machop shoulders .
machop macho
machop strong , muscular
machop chop
machop a karate chop