machoke superpower pokémon
machoke muscular body is so powerful , machoke must wear a power save belt to be able to regulate machoke motions .
the belt around machoke waist holds back machoke energy . without machoke , this pokémon would be unstoppable .
machoke always goes at machoke full power , but this very tough and durable pokémon never gets tired .
the muscles covering machoke body teem with power . even when still , machoke exudes an amazing sense of strength .
this tough pokémon always stays in the zone . machoke muscles become thicker after every battle .
machoke ’ s thoroughly toned muscles possess the hardness of steel . this pokémon has so much strength , machoke can easily hold aloft a sumo wrestler on just one finger .
machoke undertakes bodybuilding every day even as machoke helps people with tough , physically demanding labor . on machoke days off , this pokémon heads to the fields and mountains to exercise and train .
machoke formidable body never gets tired . machoke helps people by doing work such as the moving of heavy goods .
machoke muscular body is so powerful , machoke must wear a power-save belt to be able to regulate machoke motions .
a belt is worn by a machoke to keep machoke overwhelming power under control . because machoke is so dangerous , no one has ever removed the belt .
machoke ’ s boundless power is very dangerous , so machoke wears a belt that suppresses machoke energy .
machoke can lift a dump truck with one hand . using that power , machoke helps people with heavy jobs .
machoke happily carries heavy cargo to toughen up . machoke willingly does hard work for people .
as a result of machoke continual workouts , machoke has developed tremendous power . machoke uses that power to help people with their work .
machoke willingly assists with hard labor because machoke knows the work is good training for machoke muscles .
when machoke encounters an enemy that ’ s truly mighty , this pokémon removes the power-save belt from machoke waist and unleashes machoke full power .
a popular motif for sculptures , machoke incredibly well-developed muscles have captured the imagination of many an artist .
machoke can lift a dump truck with one hand . using that kind of strength , machoke helps people do heavy jobs .
a sturdy creature boasting a robust physique and boundless stamina . loves training above all else and voluntarily assists with tasks such as construction and clearing land .
machoke macho
machoke strong , muscular
machoke choke
machoke to strangle