machamp superpower pokémon
using machamp heavy muscles , machamp throws powerful punches that can send the victim clear over the horizon .
one arm alone can move mountains . using all four arms , this pokémon fires off awesome punches .
machamp quickly swings machamp four arms to rock machamp opponents with ceaseless punches and chops from all angles .
machamp uses machamp four powerful arms to pin the limbs of machamp foe , then throws the victim over the horizon .
with four arms that react more quickly than machamp can think , machamp can execute many punches at once .
machamp has the power to hurl anything aside . however , trying to do any work requiring care and dexterity causes machamp arms to get tangled . this pokémon tends to leap into action before machamp thinks .
machamp is known as the pokémon that has mastered every kind of martial arts . if machamp grabs hold of the foe with machamp four arms , the battle is all but over . the hapless foe is thrown far over the horizon .
machamp four ruggedly developed arms can launch a flurry of 1,000 punches in just two seconds .
machamp superpowerful punches are said to knock the victim flying clear over the horizon .
machamp is impossible to defend against punches and chops doled out by machamp four arms . machamp fighting spirit flares up when machamp faces a tough opponent .
machamp punches with machamp four arms at blinding speed . machamp can launch 1,000 punches in two seconds .
machamp can knock a train flying with a punch . however , machamp is terrible at delicate work using machamp fingers .
machamp four muscled arms slam foes with powerful punches and chops at blinding speed .
machamp unleashes megaton-level punches that send opponents flying clear over the horizon .
machamp can lift heavy loads with the greatest of ease . machamp can even heft dump trucks . but machamp clumsy fingers prevent machamp from doing any precision work .
machamp grasps machamp opponents with machamp four arms and twists them up in an intricate hold . people call machamp “ the machamp special . ”
with four arms , machamp can attack and defend simultaneously . machamp ’ s said to have mastered every martial art in the world .
in close combat , machamp four arms afford machamp offensive and defensive supremacy . in but a blink , this valiant pokémon can overwhelm machamp foes with more than 1,000 blows from machamp fists .
machamp macho
machamp strong , muscular
machamp champ
machamp a winner