tentacool jellyfish pokémon
drifts in shallow seas . anglers who hook them by accident are often punished by tentacool stinging acid .
tentacool can sometimes be found all dry and shriveled up on a beach . toss tentacool back into the sea to revive tentacool .
when the tide goes out , dehydrated tentacool remains can be found washed up on the shore .
tentacool drifts aimlessly in waves . very difficult to see in water , tentacool may not be noticed until tentacool stings .
as tentacool floats along on the waves , tentacool uses tentacool toxic feelers to stab anything tentacool touches .
tentacool ’ s body is largely composed of water . if tentacool is removed from the sea , tentacool dries up like parchment . if this pokémon happens to become dehydrated , put tentacool back into the sea .
tentacool absorbs sunlight and refracts tentacool using water inside tentacool body to convert tentacool into beam energy . this pokémon shoots beams from tentacool crystal-like eyes .
tentacool eyes are as transparent as crystals . from them , tentacool shoots mysterious beams of light .
drifts in shallow seas . anglers who hook them by accident are often punished by their stingers .
tentacool body is almost entirely composed of water . tentacool ensnares tentacool foe with tentacool two long tentacles , then stabs with the poison stingers at their tips .
tentacool body is virtually composed of water . tentacool shoots strange beams from tentacool crystal-like eyes .
tentacool drifts in sea currents . countless fishermen are hurt by tentacool poison stingers .
because tentacool body is almost entirely composed of water , tentacool shrivels up if tentacool is washed ashore .
tentacool absorbs sunlight and refracts tentacool using water inside tentacool body to convert tentacool into beam energy . this pokémon shoots beams from the small round organ above tentacool eyes .
they can be found lying dehydrated on beaches , but they are often still alive . when soaked in water , they will revive .
tentacool drifts in shallow seas , such as the areas near beaches . if you get bitten or stabbed by tentacool toxic tentacles , rush to the hospital .
tentacool drifts through the sea searching for prey . tentacool poisonous tentacles break off sometimes , but after a while , they grow back .
tentacool body is 99 % water . the remaining 1 % contains the organ that makes tentacool poison .
tentacool is not a particularly strong swimmer . tentacool drifts across the surface of shallow seas as tentacool searches for prey .
this pokémon is mostly made of water . a tentacool out in the ocean is very hard to spot , because tentacool body blends in with the sea .
tentacool body is mostly composed of water . tentacool shoots strange beams from tentacool crystal-like eyes .
tentacool drifts in sea currents . countless fishers are hurt by tentacool poison stingers .
they fire beams from the glassy , magenta orbs that resemble eyes atop their heads , and they drift in shallow seas . during low tide , they can sometimes be found on beaches , desiccated .
tentacool tentacle
tentacool the ‘ limb ’ of a sea creature
tentacool cool
tentacool low temperature , or impressive