tentacruel jellyfish pokémon
the tentacles are normally kept short . on hunts , they are extended to ensnare and immobilize prey .
tentacruel 80 tentacles can stretch and contract freely . they wrap around prey and weaken tentacruel with poison .
tentacruel 80 tentacles absorb water and stretch almost endlessly to constrict tentacruel prey and enemies .
in battle , tentacruel extends all 80 of tentacruel tentacles to entrap tentacruel opponent inside a poisonous net .
when tentacruel 80 feelers absorb water , tentacruel stretches to become like a net to entangle tentacruel prey .
tentacruel has large red orbs on tentacruel head . the orbs glow before lashing the vicinity with a harsh ultrasonic blast . this pokémon ’ s outburst creates rough waves around tentacruel .
tentacruel has tentacles that can be freely elongated and shortened at will . tentacruel ensnares prey with tentacruel tentacles and weakens the prey by dosing tentacruel with a harsh toxin . tentacruel can catch up to 80 prey at the same time .
tentacruel has 80 tentacles that move about freely . they can sting , causing poisoning and sharp , stabbing pain .
tentacruel lives in complex rock formations on the ocean floor and traps prey using tentacruel 80 tentacles . tentacruel red orbs glow when tentacruel grows excited or agitated .
with 80 tentacles for ensnaring victims , tentacruel prevents escape until the prey is weakened by poison .
tentacruel alerts others to danger by stridently flashing the red orbs on tentacruel head .
tentacruel extends tentacruel 80 tentacles to form an encircling poisonous net that is difficult to escape .
normally , tentacruel has 80 poisonous tentacles . the longer one has been alive , the fewer tentacles tentacruel will have .
although these pokémon are rare , when a large outbreak of them occurs , all fish pokémon disappear from the surrounding sea .
tentacruel fires off ultrasonic waves from tentacruel red orbs to weaken tentacruel prey , and then tentacruel wraps them up in tentacruel 80 tentacles .
tentacruel communicates with others of tentacruel kind by lighting up the red orbs on tentacruel head . when the orbs are blinking , tentacruel ’ s a warning sign .
when the red orbs on tentacruel ’ s head glow brightly , watch out . the pokémon is about to fire off a burst of ultrasonic waves .
tentacruel 80 tentacles can stretch and shrink freely . tentacruel ensnares prey in a net of spread-out tentacles , delivering venomous stings to tentacruel catch .
tentacruel has 80 tentacles , each with a venomous tip . these tentacles are also extendible , lengthening when tentacruel attempts to catch prey . use caution .
tentacruel tentacle
tentacruel the ‘ limb ’ of a sea creature
tentacruel cruel
tentacruel mean