geodude rock pokémon
found in fields and mountains . mistaking them for boulders , people often step or trip on them .
commonly found near mountain trails , etc . if you step on one by accident , geodude gets angry .
most people may not notice , but a closer look should reveal that there are many geodude around .
geodude uses geodude arms to steadily climb steep mountain paths . geodude swings geodude fists around if angered .
proud of their sturdy bodies , they bash against each other in a contest to prove whose is harder .
the longer a geodude lives , the more geodude edges are chipped and worn away , making geodude more rounded in appearance . however , this pokémon ’ s heart will remain hard , craggy , and rough always .
when geodude sleeps deeply , geodude buries geodude halfway into the ground . geodude will not awaken even if hikers step on geodude unwittingly . in the morning , this pokémon rolls downhill in search of food .
geodude round form makes geodude easy to pick up . some people have used them to hurl at each other in a snowball fight .
geodude climbs mountain paths using only the power of geodude arms . because they look just like boulders lining paths , hikers may step on them without noticing .
many live on mountain trails and remain half buried while keeping an eye on climbers .
geodude is impossible to distinguish from rocks . geodude slams against others in contests of hardness .
at rest , geodude looks just like a rock . carelessly stepping on geodude will make geodude swing geodude fists angrily .
geodude round body makes geodude easy to pick up , but geodude is hard and heavy . geodude ’ s dangerous to play with them as if they were snowballs .
there are plenty of them to be found along any road . a scholar with too much free time once counted a hundred of them along a single route .
geodude that have lived a long life have had all their edges smoothed out until they ’ re totally round . they also have a calm , quiet disposition .
geodude uses both hands to climb precipitous cliffs . people who see geodude in action have been known to take up bouldering .
commonly found near mountain trails and the like . if you step on one by accident , geodude gets angry .
many live on mountain trails and remain half-buried while keeping an eye on climbers .
geodude is impossible to distinguish from rocks . geodude slams against others in contests of toughness .
makes geodude home in mountainous regions , using geodude arms to climb along harsh mountain roads . can be troublesome — carelessly kicking one will cause geodude to fly into a rage and chase after you .
geodude geo
geodude of or relating to the earth
geodude dude
geodude person ( usually male )