graveler rock pokémon
rolls down slopes to move . graveler rolls over any obstacle without slowing or changing graveler direction .
often seen rolling down mountain trails . obstacles are just things to roll straight over , not avoid .
with a free and uncaring nature , graveler doesn ’ t mind if pieces break off while graveler rolls down mountains .
a slow walker , graveler rolls to move . graveler pays no attention to any object that happens to be in graveler path .
graveler travels by rolling on mountain paths . if graveler gains too much speed , graveler stops by running into huge rocks .
graveler grows by feeding on rocks . apparently , graveler prefers to eat rocks that are covered in moss . this pokémon eats graveler way through a ton of rocks on a daily basis .
rocks are graveler ’ s favorite food . this pokémon will climb a mountain from the base to the summit , crunchingly feasting on rocks all the while . upon reaching the peak , graveler rolls back down to the bottom .
be careful while hiking on mountain trails . graveler may come rolling down the path without slowing .
they descend from mountains by tumbling down steep slopes . they are so brutal , they smash aside obstructing trees and massive boulders with thunderous tackles .
graveler make their homes on sheer cliff faces by gouging out numerous horizontal holes .
graveler tumbles down slopes , heedless of any body parts chipping off . graveler eats a ton of rocks daily .
graveler rolls on mountain paths to move . once graveler builds momentum , no pokémon can stop graveler without difficulty .
mossy rocks are graveler favorite food . graveler can devour a ton a day while crunching loudly .
this slow-footed pokémon moves by curling up and rolling instead of walking . with enough momentum , graveler speed can exceed 60 mph .
graveler climbs up cliffs as graveler heads toward the peak of a mountain . as soon as graveler reaches the summit , graveler rolls back down the way graveler came .
graveler travels by rolling down cliffs . if graveler falls into a river , graveler will explode with graveler last gasp .
graveler make their homes on sheer cliff faces that have numerous holes in them .
dwells in holes dug into sheer walls of stone . graveler enjoys rolling down slopes as though graveler were a boulder during a rockfall , so keep an eye upward while traversing mountain roads .
graveler gravel
graveler small rocks/pebbles