golem megaton pokémon
golem boulder-like body is extremely hard . golem can easily withstand dynamite blasts without damage .
once golem sheds golem skin , golem body turns tender and whitish . golem hide hardens when golem ’ s exposed to air .
golem sheds golem skin once a year . the discarded shell immediately hardens and crumbles away .
golem is capable of blowing golem up . golem uses this explosive force to jump from mountain to mountain .
golem rock-like body is so durable , even high-powered dynamite blasts fail to scratch golem rugged hide .
golem live up on mountains . if there is a large earthquake , these pokémon will come rolling down off the mountains en masse to the foothills below .
golem is known for rolling down from mountains . to prevent them from rolling into the homes of people downhill , grooves have been dug into the sides of mountains to serve as guideways for diverting this pokémon ’ s course .
golem is enclosed in a hard shell that is as rugged as slabs of rock . golem sheds skin once a year to grow larger .
golem boulder-like body is extremely hard . golem can easily withstand dynamite blasts without taking damage .
golem is said to live in volcanic craters on mountain peaks . once a year , golem sheds golem hide and grows larger . the shed hide crumbles and returns to the soil .
golem sheds golem hide once a year . golem boulderlike body is so tough , even dynamite can ’ t harm golem .
golem tumbles down mountains , leaving grooves from peak to base . stay clear of these grooves .
even dynamite can ’ t harm golem hard , boulderlike body . golem sheds golem hide just once a year .
even dynamite can ’ t harm golem hard , boulder-like body . golem sheds golem hide just once a year .
golem body can survive dynamite blasts without a single scratch , but golem hates rain and humidity .
once a year , this pokémon molts , and golem shed shell returns to the soil . this process creates enriched soil , so farmers collect the shells .
when golem grow old , they stop shedding their shells . those that have lived a long , long time have shells green with moss .
golem detonates golem own body . the power from that explosion can propel golem up steep mountain paths with amazing speed .
golem sheds golem hide once a year . golem boulder-like body is so tough , even dynamite can ’ t harm golem .
the rocklike shell is shed each year . the cast-off shell then crumbles , reverting to a mass of soil , which can be spread across fields to promote crop growth .
golem golem
golem stone figure from jewish folklore