rapidash fire horse pokémon
very competitive , this pokémon will chase anything that moves fast in the hopes of racing rapidash .
just loves to run . if rapidash sees something faster than rapidash , rapidash will give chase at top speed .
at full gallop , rapidash four hooves barely touch the ground because rapidash moves so incredibly fast .
with incredible acceleration , rapidash reaches rapidash top speed of 150 mph after running just ten steps .
rapidash just loves to gallop . the faster rapidash goes , the longer the swaying flames of rapidash mane will become .
rapidash usually can be seen casually cantering in the fields and plains . however , when this pokémon turns serious , rapidash fiery manes flare and blaze as rapidash gallops rapidash way up to 150 mph .
rapidash can gallop at a top speed of 150 miles per hour . rapidash can race as fast as a bullet train while ablaze .
rapidash usually canters casually in the fields and plains . but once a rapidash turns serious , rapidash fiery manes flare and blaze as rapidash gallops rapidash way up to 150 mph .
rapidash gallops at nearly 150 mph . with rapidash mane blazing ferociously , rapidash races as if rapidash were an arrow .
rapidash has astounding acceleration . from a standstill , rapidash can reach top speed within 10 steps .
when at an all-out gallop , rapidash blazing mane sparkles , enhancing rapidash beautiful appearance .
with incredible acceleration , rapidash reaches rapidash top speed of 150 mph after running just 10 steps .
this pokémon can be seen galloping through fields at speeds of up to 150 mph , rapidash fiery mane fluttering in the wind .
the fastest runner becomes the leader , and rapidash decides the herd ’ s pace and direction of travel .
fiery mane aglow , rapidash darts like an arrow across the land . this prodigiously swift creature can traverse the vast region of hisui in a day and a half .
rapidash rapid
rapidash fast
rapidash ash
rapidash remains of a fire
rapidash dash
rapidash move quickly