slowpoke dopey pokémon
incredibly slow and dopey . slowpoke takes 5 seconds for slowpoke to feel pain when under attack .
incredibly slow and sluggish . slowpoke is quite content to loll about without worrying about the time .
slowpoke lazes vacantly near water . if something bites slowpoke tail , slowpoke won ’ t even notice for a whole day .
a sweet sap leaks from slowpoke tail ’ s tip . although not nutritious , the tail is pleasant to chew on .
slowpoke is always so absent-minded that slowpoke won ’ t react , even if slowpoke flavorful tail is bitten .
slowpoke uses slowpoke tail to catch prey by dipping slowpoke in water at the side of a river . however , this pokémon often forgets what slowpoke ’ s doing and often spends entire days just loafing at water ’ s edge .
slowpoke is always vacantly lost in thought , but no one knows what slowpoke is thinking about . slowpoke is good at fishing with slowpoke tail .
incredibly slow and dopey . slowpoke takes five seconds for slowpoke to feel pain when under attack .
slowpoke catches prey by dipping slowpoke tail in water at the side of a river . but slowpoke often forgets what slowpoke is doing and spends entire days just loafing at water ’ s edge .
although slow , slowpoke is skilled at fishing with slowpoke tail . slowpoke does not feel pain if slowpoke tail is bitten .
slowpoke long tail often breaks off . slowpoke doesn ’ t really feel any pain , though , and the tail grows back , so slowpoke isn ’ t particularly bothered .
alolan home cooking involves drying slowpoke tails and then simmering them into a salty stew .
there are some places where slowpoke is worshiped because of a long-standing belief that whenever slowpoke yawns , slowpoke rains .
although their tails , which fall off naturally , can easily be found lying around , they ’ re a precious ingredient for cooking .
slow-witted and oblivious , this pokémon won ’ t feel any pain if slowpoke tail gets eaten . slowpoke won ’ t notice when slowpoke tail grows back , either .
when this pokémon ’ s tail is soaked in water , sweetness seeps from slowpoke . slowpoke uses this trait to lure in and fish up other pokémon .
slowpoke is incredibly slow and dopey . slowpoke takes five seconds for slowpoke to feel pain when under attack .
slowpoke slow
slowpoke not fast
slowpoke slowpoke
slowpoke nickname for a slow person