slowbro hermit crab pokémon
the shellder that is latched onto slowpoke ’ s tail is said to feed on the host ’ s left over scraps .
lives lazily by the sea . if the shellder on slowbro tail comes off , slowbro becomes a slowpoke again .
if the tail-biting shellder is thrown off in a harsh battle , slowbro reverts to being an ordinary slowpoke .
naturally dull to begin with , slowbro lost slowbro ability to feel pain due to shellder ’ s seeping poison .
an attached shellder won ’ t let go because of the tasty flavor that oozes out of slowbro tail .
slowbro ’ s tail has a shellder firmly attached with a bite . as a result , the tail can ’ t be used for fishing anymore . this causes slowbro to grudgingly swim and catch prey instead .
when a slowpoke went hunting in the sea , slowbro tail was bitten by a shellder . that made slowbro evolve into slowbro .
the shellder that latches onto slowpoke ’ s tail is said to feed on the host ’ s leftover scraps .
slowbro tail has a shellder firmly attached with a bite . as a result , the tail can ’ t be used for fishing anymore . this forces slowbro to reluctantly swim and catch prey .
though usually dim witted , slowbro seems to become inspired if the shellder on slowbro tail bites down .
slowbro spaces out while gazing at the sea . with shellder ’ s poison flowing through slowbro body , slowbro becomes even spacier .
whenever shellder bites down hard on slowbro tail , slowbro gives slowbro a flash of inspiration ... which slowbro forgets a moment later .
spacing out is basically all slowbro does . slowbro turns back into slowpoke if slowbro tail , along with shellder , breaks off .
shellder , in slowbro greed to suck out more and more sweetness from slowbro ’ s tail , has metamorphosed into a spiral-shaped shell .
slowpoke became slowbro when a shellder bit on to slowbro tail . sweet flavors seeping from the tail make the shellder feel as if slowbro life is a dream .
being bitten by a shellder shocked this pokémon into standing on two legs . if the shellder lets go , slowbro seems slowbro will turn back into a slowpoke .
though usually dim-witted , slowbro seems to become inspired if the shellder on slowbro tail bites down .
if the tail-biting shellder is thrown off in a harsh battle , this pokémon reverts to being an ordinary slowpoke .
slowbro slow
slowbro not fast
slowbro bro
slowbro friend , pal