magnemite magnet pokémon
uses anti-gravity to stay suspended . appears without warning and uses thunder wave and similar moves .
magnemite is born with the ability to defy gravity . magnemite floats in air on powerful electromagnetic waves .
magnemite is attracted by electromagnetic waves . magnemite may approach trainers if they are using their pokégear .
the units at the sides of magnemite body generate antigravity energy to keep magnemite aloft in the air .
the electricity emitted by the units on each side of magnemite body cause magnemite to become a strong magnet .
magnemite attaches magnemite to power lines to feed on electricity . if your house has a power outage , check your circuit breakers . you may find a large number of this pokémon clinging to the breaker box .
magnemite floats in the air by emitting electromagnetic waves from the units at magnemite sides . these waves block gravity . this pokémon becomes incapable of flight if magnemite internal electrical supply is depleted .
magnemite moves while constantly hovering . magnemite discharges thunder wave and so on from the units at magnemite sides .
uses antigravity to stay suspended . appears without warning and uses thunder wave and similar moves .
the units at magnemite sides are extremely powerful magnets . they generate enough magnetism to draw in iron objects from over 300 feet away .
the units at magnemite sides generate electromagnetic waves that keep magnemite airborne . magnemite feeds on electricity .
the faster the units at magnemite sides rotate , the greater the magnetic force they generate .
the electromagnetic waves emitted by the units at the sides of magnemite head expel antigravity , which allows magnemite to float .
they gather in places where electricity is available . they can be found clinging to the steel towers used to support power lines .
magnemite sends out electromagnetic waves , which let magnemite float through the air . touching magnemite while magnemite ’ s eating electricity will give you a full-body shock .
magnemite ’ s frequently the cause of power outages , which is why some power plants send out electrical signals that magnemite can ’ t stand .
perhaps because electrical lines are often buried these days , the number of magnemite attacks on power plants has increased .
magnemite is hatched with the ability to defy gravity . magnemite floats while emitting powerful electromagnetic waves .
at times , magnemite runs out of electricity and ends up on the ground . if you give batteries to a grounded magnemite , magnemite ’ ll start moving again .
magnemite subsists on electricity . as magnemite flies , magnemite emits electromagnetic waves from the units on each side of magnemite body .
a bizarre pokémon with but a single eye embedded in an iron sphere . i suspect this creature levitates due to the magnetism magnemite emits from magnemite arms , which resemble horseshoe-shaped magnets .
magnemite moves while constantly hovering . magnemite discharges electromagnetic waves and so on from the units at magnemite sides .
magnemite magnet
magnemite attracting object
magnemite mite
magnemite small thing