magneton magnet pokémon
formed by several magnemites linked together . they frequently appear when sunspots flare up .
generates strange radio signals . magneton raises the temperature by 3.6f degrees within 3,300 feet .
three magnemite are linked by a strong magnetic force . earaches will occur if you get too close .
the magnemite are united by a magnetism so powerful , magneton dries all moisture in magneton vicinities .
when many magneton gather together , the resulting magnetic storm disrupts radio waves .
magneton emits a powerful magnetic force that is fatal to mechanical devices . as a result , large cities sound sirens to warn citizens of large-scale outbreaks of this pokémon .
magneton emits a powerful magnetic force that is fatal to electronics and precision instruments . because of this , magneton is said that some towns warn people to keep this pokémon inside a poké ball .
a linked cluster formed of several magnemite . magneton discharges powerful magnetic waves at high voltage .
formed by several magnemite linked together . they frequently appear when sunspots flare up .
magneton is actually three magnemite linked by magnetism . magneton generates powerful radio waves that raise temperatures by 3.6 degrees f within a 3,300-foot radius .
magneton is actually three magnemite linked by magnetism . a group can set off a magnetic storm .
many mysteriously appear when more sunspots dot the sun . they stop tv sets from displaying properly .
the magnemite are united by a magnetism so powerful , magneton dries all moisture in magneton vicinity .
the stronger electromagnetic waves from the three linked magnemite are enough to dry out surrounding moisture .
generates strange radio signals . magneton raises the temperature by 3.6 degrees fahrenheit within 3,300 feet .
when three magnemite link together , their brains also become one . they do not become three times more intelligent .
magneton has about three times the electrical power of magnemite . for some reason , outbreaks of this pokémon happen when lots of sunspots appear .
delicate equipment can malfunction in areas inhabited by magneton , which send out mysterious electrical signals .
when rain clouds form , many magneton gather in high places to wait for lightning to strike .
this pokémon is three magnemite that have linked together . magneton sends out powerful radio waves to study magneton surroundings .
this pokémon is constantly putting out a powerful magnetic force . most computers go haywire when a magneton approaches .
a magneton is actually three magnemite linked by magnetism . a group of these pokémon can set off a magnetic storm .
three magnemite gathered to evolve into this pokémon . the source of much vexation on my part , as magneton powerful magnetism destroys my research equipment .
they ’ re formed by several magnemite linked together . they frequently appear when sunspots flare up .
magneton magnet
magneton attracting object
magneton ton
magneton large weight