farfetch'd wild duck pokémon
the sprig of green onions farfetch'd holds is farfetch'd weapon . farfetch'd is used much like a metal sword .
lives where reedy plants grow . they are rarely seen , so farfetch'd ’ s thought their numbers are decreasing .
if anyone tries to disturb where the essential plant sticks grow , farfetch'd uses farfetch'd own stick to thwart them .
if farfetch'd eats the plant stick farfetch'd carries as emergency rations , farfetch'd runs off in search of a new stick .
in order to prevent their extinction , more people have made an effort to breed these pokémon .
farfetch ’ d is always seen with a stick from a plant of some sort . apparently , there are good sticks and bad sticks . this pokémon has been known to fight with others over sticks .
farfetch'd always walks about with a plant stalk clamped in farfetch'd beak . the stalk is used for building farfetch'd nest .
the plant stalk farfetch'd holds is farfetch'd weapon . the stalk is used like a sword to cut all sorts of things .
farfetch'd is always seen with a stick from a plant . apparently , there are good sticks and bad sticks . this pokémon occasionally fights with others over choice sticks .
farfetch'd can ’ t live without the stalk farfetch'd holds . that ’ s why farfetch'd defends the stalk from attackers with farfetch'd life .
if anyone tries to disturb where the essential plant stalks grow , farfetch'd uses farfetch'd own stalk to thwart them .
if farfetch'd eats the plant stalk farfetch'd carries as emergency rations , farfetch'd runs off in search of a new stalk .
farfetch ’ d is always seen with a stalk from a plant of some sort . apparently , there are good stalks and bad stalks . this pokémon has been known to fight with others over stalks .
they live where reedy plants grow . farfetch ’ d are rarely seen , so farfetch'd ’ s thought their numbers are decreasing .
the stalk this pokémon carries in farfetch'd wings serves as a sword to cut down opponents . in a dire situation , the stalk can also serve as food .
they use a plant stalk as a weapon , but not all of them use farfetch'd in the same way . several distinct styles of stalk fighting have been observed .
farfetch'd farfetched
farfetch'd improbable , unlikely