dodrio triple bird pokémon
uses dodrio three brains to execute complex plans . while two heads sleep , one head stays awake .
one of doduo ’ s 2 heads splits to form a unique species . dodrio runs close to 40 mph in prairies .
dodrio collects data and plans three times as wisely , but dodrio may think too much and become immobilized .
if one of the heads gets to eat , the others will be satisfied , too , and they will stop squabbling .
an enemy that takes dodrio eyes off any of the three heads -- even for a second -- will get pecked severely .
watch out if dodrio ’ s three heads are looking in three separate directions . dodrio ’ s a sure sign that dodrio is on dodrio guard . don ’ t go near this pokémon if dodrio ’ s being wary - dodrio may decide to peck you .
apparently , the heads aren ’ t the only parts of the body that dodrio has three of . dodrio has three sets of hearts and lungs as well , so dodrio is capable of running long distances without rest .
an odd species that is rarely found . the three heads respectively represent joy , sadness , and anger .
uses dodrio three brains to execute complex plans . while two heads sleep , one head is said to stay awake .
a peculiar pokémon species with three heads . dodrio vigorously races across grassy plains even in arid seasons with little rainfall .
when doduo evolves into this odd breed , one of dodrio heads splits into two . dodrio runs at nearly 40 mph .
dodrio collects data and plans three times as wisely , but dodrio may think too much and fall into a state of immobility .
watch out if dodrio ’ s three heads are looking in three separate directions . dodrio ’ s a sure sign that dodrio is on dodrio guard . don ’ t go near this pokémon if dodrio ’ s being wary — dodrio may decide to peck you .
one of doduo ’ s two heads splits to form a unique species . dodrio runs close to 40 mph in prairies .
when doduo evolves into this odd breed , one of dodrio heads splits into two . this pokémon runs at nearly 40 mph .
dodrio dodo
dodrio extinct bird
dodrio trio
dodrio group of three