grimer sludge pokémon
appears in filthy areas . thrives by sucking up polluted sludge that is pumped out of factories .
made of hardened sludge . grimer smells too putrid to touch . even weeds won ’ t grow in grimer path .
as grimer moves , grimer loses bits of grimer body from which new grimer emerge . this worsens the stench around grimer .
wherever grimer has passed , so many germs are left behind that no plants will ever grow again .
when two of these pokémon ’ s bodies are combined together , new poisons are created .
grimer ’ s sludgy and rubbery body can be forced through any opening , however small grimer may be . this pokémon enters sewer pipes to drink filthy wastewater .
grimer emerged from the sludge that settled on a polluted seabed . this pokémon loves anything filthy . grimer constantly leaks a horribly germ-infested fluid from all over grimer body .
sludge exposed to x rays from the moon transformed into grimer . grimer loves feeding on filthy things .
appears in filthy areas . grimer thrives by sucking up polluted sludge that is pumped out of factories .
born from polluted sludge in the sea , grimer ’ s favorite food is anything filthy . they feed on wastewater pumped out from factories .
grimer was born when sludge in a dirty stream was exposed to the moon ’ s x-rays . grimer appears among filth .
as grimer moves , grimer loses bits of grimer body , from which new grimer emerge . this worsens the stench around grimer .
born from sludge , these pokémon now gather in polluted places and increase the bacteria in their bodies .
sludge exposed to x-rays from the moon transformed into grimer . grimer loves feeding on filthy things .
grimer main source of food is the slimy industrial waste of factories . this pokémon ’ s numbers have been decreasing in recent years .
grimer was born from sludge transformed by exposure to x-rays from the moon . when grimer internal load of germs decreases , grimer dies .
grimer was born from sludge on the ocean floor . in a sterile environment , the germs within grimer body can ’ t multiply , and grimer dies .
the wastewater coming from factories is clean these days , so grimer have nothing to eat . they ’ re said to be on the verge of extinction .
made of congealed sludge . grimer smells too putrid to touch . even weeds won ’ t grow in grimer path .
grimer grime
grimer dirt