muk sludge pokémon
thickly covered with a filthy , vile sludge . muk is so toxic , even muk footprints contain poison .
smells so awful , muk can cause fainting . through degeneration , muk lost muk sense of smell .
they love to gather in smelly areas where sludge accumulates , making the stench around them worse .
muk body is made of a powerful poison . touching muk accidentally will cause a fever that requires bed rest .
as muk moves , a very strong poison leaks from muk , making the ground there barren for three years .
from muk ’ s body seeps a foul fluid that gives off a nose-bendingly horrible stench . just one drop of this pokémon ’ s body fluid can turn a pool stagnant and rancid .
this pokémon ’ s favorite food is anything that is repugnantly filthy . in dirty towns where people think nothing of throwing away litter on the streets , muk are certain to gather .
muk is usually undetectable because muk blends in with the ground . touching muk can cause terrible poisoning .
muk prefers warm and humid habitats . in the summertime , the toxic substances in muk body intensify , making muk reek like putrid kitchen garbage .
a toxic fluid seeps from muk body . the fluid instantly kills plants and trees on contact .
muk ’ s so stinky ! muk ’ s body contains toxic elements , and any plant will wilt when muk passes by .
the stench muk gives off will make your nose scrunch up . still , there are muk fans who think that ’ s a good thing .
after recent environmental improvements , this pokémon is now hardly seen at all . people speculate that muk may go extinct at some point .
their food sources have decreased , and their numbers have declined sharply . sludge ponds are being built to prevent their extinction .
because they scatter germs everywhere , they ’ ve long been targeted for extermination , leading to a steep decline in their population .
smells so awful , muk can cause fainting . through degeneration of muk nose , muk lost muk sense of smell .
a toxic fluid seeps from muk body . the fluid kills plants and trees immediately upon contact .
muk ’ s thickly covered with a filthy , vile sludge . muk is so toxic , even muk footprints contain poison .
muk muck
muk dirt