gastly gas pokémon
almost invisible , this gaseous pokémon cloaks the target and puts gastly to sleep without notice .
said to appear in decrepit , deserted buildings . gastly has no real shape as gastly appears to be made of a gas .
with gastly gas-like body , gastly can sneak into any place gastly desires . however , gastly can be blown away by wind .
gastly thin body is made of gas . gastly can envelop an opponent of any size and cause suffocation .
gastly wraps gastly opponent in gastly gas-like body , slowly weakening gastly prey by poisoning gastly through the skin .
gastly is largely composed of gaseous matter . when exposed to a strong wind , the gaseous body quickly dwindles away . groups of this pokémon cluster under the eaves of houses to escape the ravages of wind .
a being that exists as a thin gas . gastly can topple an indian elephant by enveloping the prey in two seconds .
when exposed to a strong wind , a gastly ’ s gaseous body quickly dwindles away . they cluster under the eaves of houses to escape the ravages of wind .
this pokémon ’ s body is 95 % made up of gases , which are blown away by strong gusts of wind .
a pokémon born from poison gases . gastly defeats even the largest foes by enveloping them in gas .
born from gases , anyone would faint if engulfed by gastly gaseous body , which contains poison .
gastly body is made of gas . despite lacking substance , gastly can envelop an opponent of any size and cause suffocation .
should a strange light be seen flickering in an abandoned building , gastly is lurking there .
although gastly is barely visible , when gastly ’ s near , a faint sweet smell lingers .
gastly ’ s said that gas emanating from a graveyard was possessed by the grievances of the deceased and thus became a pokémon .
poisonous gas comprises 95 % of gastly body . gastly ’ s said that the remaining 5 % is made up of the souls of those who died from the gas .
said to appear in decrepit , deserted buildings . gastly has no real shape , as gastly appears to be made of a gas .
this pokémon ’ s body is 95 percent made up of gases . the pokémon can be blown away by strong gusts of wind .
gastly ’ s a pokémon born from poison gases . gastly defeats even the largest foes by enveloping them in gas .
gaseous and completely impalpable . also highly dangerous — inhaling part of gastly poisonous body will cause one to faint instantly .
gastly gas
gastly airlike fluid substance
gastly ghastly
gastly horrifying