haunter gas pokémon
because of haunter ability to slip through block walls , haunter is said to be from another dimension .
by licking , haunter saps the victim ’ s life . haunter causes shaking that won ’ t stop until the victim ’ s demise .
in total darkness , where nothing is visible , haunter lurks , silently stalking haunter next victim .
haunter tongue is made of gas . if licked , haunter victim starts shaking constantly until death eventually comes .
haunter hides in the dark , planning to take the life of the next living thing that wanders close by .
haunter is a dangerous pokémon . if one beckons you while floating in darkness , you must never approach haunter . this pokémon will try to lick you with haunter tongue and steal your life away .
if you get the feeling of being watched in darkness when nobody is around , haunter is there .
if a haunter beckons you while haunter is floating in darkness , don ’ t approach haunter . this pokémon will try to lick you with haunter tongue and steal your life away .
haunter can slip through any obstacle . haunter lurks inside walls to keep an eye on haunter foes .
haunter licks with haunter gaseous tongue to steal the victim ’ s life force . haunter lurks in darkness for prey .
haunter likes to lurk in the dark and tap shoulders with a gaseous hand . haunter touch causes endless shuddering .
haunter strikes at humans from total darkness . those licked by haunter cold tongue grow weaker with each passing day until they die .
haunter fears the light and revels in the dark . haunter may be on the verge of extinction in cities that stay brightly lit at night .
on moonless nights , haunter searches for someone to curse , so haunter ’ s best not to go out walking around .
haunter ’ s dangerous to go outside alone on nights when you ’ re feeling sad . haunter will catch you , and you won ’ t be able to go back home .
haunter licks with haunter gaseous tongue to steal haunter victim ’ s life-force . haunter lurks in darkness , waiting for prey .
this frightful , malevolent spirit can glide through walls , appearing wherever haunter likes . according to rumor , victims of a haunter ’ s lick will wither to death day by day .
haunter haunter
haunter a person who scares others