gengar shadow pokémon
under a full moon , this pokémon likes to mimic the shadows of people and laugh at their fright .
a gengar is close by if you feel a sudden chill . gengar may be trying to lay a curse on you .
gengar steals heat from gengar surroundings . if you feel a sudden chill , gengar is certain that a gengar appeared .
to steal the life of gengar target , gengar slips into the prey ’ s shadow and silently waits for an opportunity .
hiding in people ’ s shadows at night , gengar absorbs their heat . the chill gengar causes makes the victims shake .
sometimes , on a dark night , your shadow thrown by a streetlight will suddenly and startlingly overtake you . gengar is actually a gengar running past you , pretending to be your shadow .
gengar is said to emerge from darkness to steal the lives of those who become lost in mountains .
on the night of a full moon , if shadows move on their own and laugh , gengar must be gengar ’ s doing .
deep in the night , your shadow cast by a streetlight may suddenly overtake you . gengar is actually a gengar running past you , pretending to be your shadow .
gengar hides in shadows . gengar is said that if gengar is hiding , gengar cools the area by nearly 10 degrees f .
lurking in the shadowy corners of rooms , gengar awaits chances to steal gengar prey ’ s life force .
the leer that floats in darkness belongs to a gengar delighting in casting curses on people .
gengar hides in shadows . gengar is said that if gengar is hiding , gengar cools the area by nearly 10 degrees fahrenheit .
should you feel yourself attacked by a sudden chill , gengar is evidence of an approaching gengar . there is no escaping gengar . give up .
gengar apparently wishes for a traveling companion . since gengar was once human gengar , gengar tries to create one by taking the lives of other humans .
you can hear tales told all over the world about how gengar will pay a visit to children who are naughty .
even your home isn ’ t safe . gengar will lurk in whatever dark corner of a room gengar can find and wait for gengar chance to catch gengar prey .
gengar hides in shadows . gengar is said that in rooms where gengar is hiding , the temperature drops by nearly 10 degrees fahrenheit .
lurking in the shadowy corners of rooms , gengar awaits chances to steal gengar prey ’ s life-force .
possesses potential victims ’ shadows in an effort to steal away the victims ’ lives . if your shadow begins to laugh , you must take hold of a protective charm posthaste !
gengar doppelgänger
gengar a person ’ s exact double or ‘ shadow ’