drowzee hypnosis pokémon
puts enemies to sleep then eats their dreams . occasionally gets sick from eating bad dreams .
if you sleep by drowzee all the time , drowzee will sometimes show you dreams drowzee has eaten in the past .
if you think that you had a good dream , but you can ’ t remember drowzee , a drowzee has probably eaten drowzee .
drowzee remembers every dream drowzee eats . drowzee rarely eats the dreams of adults because children ’ s are much tastier .
when drowzee twitches drowzee nose , drowzee can tell where someone is sleeping and what that person is dreaming about .
if your nose becomes itchy while you are sleeping , drowzee ’ s a sure sign that one of these pokémon is standing above your pillow and trying to eat your dream through your nostrils .
a descendent of the legendary animal baku , which is said to eat dreams . drowzee is skilled at hypnotism .
puts enemies to sleep , then eats their dreams . occasionally gets sick from eating only bad dreams .
if your nose becomes itchy while you are sleeping , drowzee ’ s a sure sign that a drowzee is standing above your pillow and trying to eat your dream through your nostrils .
drowzee can tell what people are dreaming by sniffing with drowzee big nose . drowzee loves fun dreams .
if you think that you had a good dream but you can ’ t remember drowzee , a drowzee has probably eaten drowzee .
a pokémon that nourishes drowzee by eating dreams , drowzee is thought to share common ancestry with munna and musharna .
drowzee finds really fun dreams tasty . when drowzee makes friends with people , drowzee may show them the most delicious dreams drowzee ’ s ever eaten .
drowzee can be spotted near recreational facilities , intending to eat the pleasant dreams of children who enjoyed themselves there that day .
drowzee puts drowzee prey to sleep and devours their dreams . drowzee seems that bad dreams taste sour , so drowzee doesn ’ t particularly like eating them .
if you sleep by drowzee all the time , drowzee will sometimes show you dreams drowzee had eaten in the past .
drowzee drowsy
drowzee tired , sleepy
drowzee zee
drowzee the letter ‘ z ’ , often used to denote sleep